The number of users of the combined Yahoo! and Microsoft services will rival the number of AOL clients.
If you live in a city where the drinking culture is diverse, go to the bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't usually frequent.
Unless you are a diplomat, working abroad usually means you will have to file a tax return in the country where you are based.
For this, they had to get rid of the British bases and ships in Egypt. Apart from these actions, the Italian battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
An infinite number of variations are possible, but it's what most people mean when they talk about "going to Disney World."
The authorities declared that an official anniversary ceremony had been scheduled for a later date.
When all individuals of a population are identical with respect to a particular phenotypic trait, they are said to be monomorphic.
Although its physical state may vary, its chemical structure remains constant.
Callejon del Beso (the Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies, separated by only 69 centimeters, shelter an old legend of love.
The walls and ceilings of ice caves can collapse and the cracks close.
The tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 is perhaps the most famous of the tombs in the valley, the site where Howard Carter discovered in 1922 the almost intact burial chamber of the young king.
On the other hand, it's precisely because the water volume is extremely high that the view of the falls will be obstructed!
People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems, and work on scientific tests.
No one was seriously injured, but at least five people who were on the scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
Today, in developed countries, the offer of luxury guest rooms has been elevated to a sort of artistic form.
Hsieh hinted during the election that Ma might flee the country in the event of a crisis.
The game is played on the grass, and the grass surrounding the hole is cut shorter and called the "green".
The Canal Quarter (Grachtengordel in Dutch) is the famous 17th-century quarter that surrounds the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
Scientists at Stanford University's School of Medicine announced Monday the creation of a new diagnostic tool that can differentiate cells based on their type. It is a small, printable chip that can be produced with a standard inkjet printer for about a dollar a piece.
They must present the insurance company's email address and international phone numbers to obtain advice/authorizations and to make claims.
This state of mind relies on speed, logic, and accuracy, but also on the identification of facts, the mobilization of pre-existing techniques, and the search for information.
Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper Paro district (in the village of Phondey).
This is the first time a conviction has been obtained thanks to the legislation promulgated in 2003 to fight against mass electronic mail, or spam, originating from unsolicited distribution in users' mailboxes.
The indigenous inhabitants of Greenland are known as Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), Greenlanders, in Greenland.
The health minister expressed his concern both for the well-being of people who are benefiting from the temporary legality of the substances in question and for the drug-related convictions handed down since the introduction of the changes now deemed unconstitutional.
Some people think that having many artificially induced and fairly frequent lucid dreams can be very exhausting.
The capsule will resemble a shooting star that crosses the sky.
If it's forbidden to take a simple photo of something, one shouldn't even think about recording a video.
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created to facilitate communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near probable invasion routes as admirals feared being sunk by a German air attack.
The wreck was located using a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) referencing the seafloor mapping.
Germany code-named the attack "Operation Sea Lion". The British Army had lost most of its heavy artillery and ammunition during the evacuation of Dunkirk, and was therefore somewhat weakened.
Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who have a job work in the informal economy.
Learning to create interactive media requires both conventional and traditional skills, as well as mastery of tools in the context of interactive courses (storyboarding, audio and video editing, storytelling, etc.)
The tourist season of mountain resorts generally peaks during the Indian summer.
In short, using your car is an excellent way to make a road trip, but rarely a means of "camping" in itself.
Lodin also stated that the authorities have decided to cancel the second round in order to save the Afghans the expenses and security risks of another election.
Many of us therefore end up watching a TV show that shows us a process or an experience that we will never participate in or put our knowledge into practice.
Anyone wishing to see the traces of the damage caused to the mummy during the attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed, as only the head and shoulders are visible.
Chiao and Shaipov stated that they observed a safety distance from the attitude control thrusters.
The crash site, identified today, is so difficult to access that two police officers had to be dropped into the jungle so they could reach the site in search of possible survivors.
The nucleus is composed of two particles — neutrons and protons.
When you're on vacation, you have the time to indulge and take a few extra minutes to prepare something special.
It can allow for saving money by buying new GPS cards or a standalone GPS device, or by renting one from a car rental company.
Accompanied by these authorities, he assured the citizens of Texas that measures were being taken to protect public safety.
This fleet was commanded by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian who had the ambition to free his country from Danish rule.
English: No one was inside the apartment.
The news spread through the Red Lake community today, as the funerals of Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims took place, that another student in connection with the March 21 shooting at the school was arrested.
Soon after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report highlighting problems with the test results.
Avian influenza, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals.
Mr Reid took the wheel of the New Zealand A1GP car, known as Black Beauty, and went over the bridge at 160 km/h, passing 7 times.
Although you may hear the indigenous people of Greenland use the word, foreigners should avoid using it.
European Turkey (Eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan Peninsula) comprises 3% of the country.
He scored 2 goals and had 2 assists during the match against the Atlanta Trashers, which Washington won 5-3.
The original bill was written by the former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being modified, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
He nonetheless reiterated his previous statement that Roe v. Wade was the "established law of the land," emphasizing the importance of the Supreme Court's consistency.
Shoes with adequate soles are the minimum. Summer shoes often slip on ice and snow, and even some winter models do not deviate from this.
The International Olympic Committee voted to include these sports at its board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby sevens, and golf were chosen from five other sports to participate in the Olympics.
Sanskrit is a very complex and very rich language, which has served as a source for many modern Indian languages, just as Latin is the source of European languages such as French and Spanish.
Canyoning combines elements of swimming, climbing and jumping, but requires relatively little training or physical fitness to start, compared to, for example, climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing.
The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer present, but have been transferred to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
In the late 18th century, the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
Each year, around October, nearly 1.5 million herbivores migrate to the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills to the rains.
No city on the Cook Islands, but they are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are called Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many ancient tombs have been looted, this tomb remained almost intact.
Although they can theoretically take place every year (provided they are in different countries), in practice, this is not the case.
Unattended bags are a target for theft and may also attract the attention of authorities who are wary of bomb threats.
Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the simplest and most practical way to get around outside of your country of residence.
These hotels welcomed the wealthy and celebrities of the time, and they regularly hosted sumptuous dinners and superb receptions.
He has also been accused of copyright infringement previously, but was not charged.
Although it is far from being a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with the fact that young people vandalize public and private properties using spray paint.
A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle not yet having been invented, the Assyrian cavalry fought by riding bareback.
For a long time during the 19th and 20th centuries, it was believed that the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maoris, who hunted giant birds called moas.
On the one hand, northern New Mexico has a significant drunk driving problem, and the concentration of drunk drivers is high near the bars of small towns.
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a certain time, everyone will know you and give you information about the boat that is looking for someone.
Each country also has unique laws requiring which emergency supplies must be in the car.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights, and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
Other skiing events will be held at the Taizicheng ski resort in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 mi) from Beijing.
The company hopes to diversify its revenue streams and gain popularity in regions where Skype has a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
Its second claw was larger, which generated the name Hesperonychus, meaning "western claw".
One of Charlotte, North Carolina's strong points is the abundance of high-quality services for families.
If the purpose of a visit to a particular place is to know its history and culture, this type of tourism is then called cultural tourism.
If you do not need a visa for short stays in certain countries as a tourist or for business travel, going there as a foreign student usually requires a longer stay than that of a simple tourist.
An international exhibition (commonly referred to as a world's fair or simply an expo) is a large international festival of arts and sciences.
system
You are a helpful AI assistant for translations

user
French: Depuis son lancement, The Onion est devenu un véritable empire de la parodie de l'actualité, avec une édition imprimée, un site web qui a attiré 5 000 000 de visiteurs spécifiques au mois d'octobre, des annonces personnelles, un réseau d'information 24 heures sur 24, des podcasts et un atlas mondial récemment lancé sous le nom de « Our Dumb World ».
Thus, an entry permit into the backcountry for any start date during the month of May becomes valid on January 1.
Schumacher, who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula One championship seven times, was to replace Felipe Massa, who was injured.
Supermarkets are increasingly offering a wider range of ready-to-eat meals. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to reheat food.
Although smaller, it reminds some older visitors of the island of Hawaii before it became a state with many large tourist hotels and amenities.
In the 1960s, he returned to Algeria, recently independent, to teach film production.
The lens elements of a zoom lens have a disadvantage. In fact, the complexity of the focal length and the number of lens elements required to obtain a range of focal lengths are greatly superior to those of fixed lenses.
Some hotels have preserved their heritage dating back to the golden age of steam trains and transatlantic liners of the 19th and early 20th centuries, before World War II.
Four years later, a patent was granted, which was the first patent in the world issued in the field of MRI.
Modern fencing, a sport, is practiced at many levels, from students who learn it at university to professional and Olympic competitions.
The setting could be an old historic building with antique furniture, a well-maintained garden and a pool.
They became experts in amputation in saving patients from gangrene, as well as in the use of ligature forceps and arterial forceps to control blood flow.
The way of retrieving information was different. There was no longer pressure on individual memory, but the ability to recall a text became more important.
In general, families do not use taxis in Charlotte, although they may be useful in certain circumstances.
A former student claimed he "used slang in class, taught pickup techniques in his writings, and acted like the students' friend".
To conclude, the Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia presented the show "Troy".
The hangi is often used to prepare a traditional dinner of the roast type.
Today's announcement also extends the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund additional cars.
Although Chile declared its independence in 1810 (during the Napoleonic Wars which left Spain without a functioning central government for about two years), the decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818.
You're sure you want to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the winding paths near the falls.
Australian Finance Minister Peter Costello, who is also the likely successor to Prime Minister John Howard as leader of the Liberal Party, has expressed support for the idea of an Australian nuclear industry.
These bosses had been repressed by Provenzano when he ended the war waged by Riina against the State and which had cost the lives of anti-mafia judges Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992.
According to Bartolomé de las Casas (Treatise on the Indies), between 1492 and 1498, Spanish conquistadors would have killed approximately 100,000 Taínos.
In winter, the most frequent cause of accidents is the slippery nature of roads, sidewalks, and especially stairs.
Athletes may feel they prefer a product even if it offers no real advantage.
In some countries, sanctions are extremely draconian, even for first-time offenders; they can go as far as prison sentences of over ten years or the death penalty.
Maroochydore had finished at the top of the ladder, with six points clear of Noosa who came in second.
Nitrogen in the gaseous state retains the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser, but the molecules remain the same.
A gas company agent arrived on the scene after a neighbor called in about a gas leak.
The police declared that Lo Piccolo was on top because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and that his greatest experience had earned him the respect of the old generation of bosses who pursued Provenzano's policy of staying as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
Computers can generate complex animations, increasingly used in television and film.
For the first time last year, China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the largest market for this industry.
The National Congress of Brazil has been debating legalization for 10 years, and these civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
Once the battle for France was over, Germany began to prepare to invade the island of Great Britain.
Many seasoned and competent travelers have been caught off guard by the novelty of travel in developing countries, where many small cultural adjustments can quickly add up.
With 300 more, we reach a total of 1,300 wagons to be acquired to alleviate the congestion of transportation.
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are generally full during the high season).
Squash, karate and roller sports have tried to be integrated into the Olympic program, as well as baseball and softball, whose removal from the Olympic sport status was voted in 2005.
New Zealand police had difficulty using their speed cameras to clock Mr Reid's speed due to the low level of Black Beauty. The only time police were able to time Mr Reid was when he slowed to 160 km/h.
High-end brand frames sold in such regions of the world may present two problems: some may be counterfeit, and the truly imported frames may be more expensive than in your country.
Children with ADHD have difficulty concentrating on things such as schoolwork, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy, such as playing games, watching their favorite cartoons, or writing sentences without punctuation.
The cell is the basic unit of all living beings, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
An infectious disease is one caused by a pathogenic agent, such as a virus, bacteria, fungus, or other parasites.
However, this is a very difficult problem to solve and it will take many years before we see the construction of fruitful fusion reactors.
In general, you can categorize them into two categories: either you work during your trip, or you try to limit your expenses. This article mainly deals with the latter category.
In the 18th century, Cambodia found itself sandwiched between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
In other cases, only people residing outside tourist accommodations must register. However, the law is much more obscure, so it is advisable to inquire beforehand.
Before the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century, the north of Chile was under Inca domination, while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited the center and south of Chile.
If you don't have a data connection on your phone, or if it's out of range, its performance may be limited or unavailable.
Among Vautier's achievements outside of mise en scène, one can cite a hunger strike in 1973 against what he considered political censorship.
The permits are in limited number and are reserved for people who present themselves on site, following the principle of first come, first served.
"Thank you to those who have supported a condemned person like me," Siriporn would have said at a press conference.
Meanwhile, according to the Icelandic Met Office, the Hekla region has not experienced any earthquakes in the past 48 hours.
Apple's CEO, Steve Jobs, unveiled the device by pulling the iPhone out of his jeans pocket while he was on stage.
This type of thinking is associated with certain scientific or standard procedures.
The rules concerning regular photography also apply to video recording, and even more so.
The hearing also sets the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
Those who participate in regular activities need more support in terms of negative perception of pain, distinguishing between chronic pain and the sensation of discomfort and normal physical movement.
Certain German monks wanted to bring God closer to the indigenous people; that's why they invented the Estonian literary language.
Virgin has only bought the "healthy bank" of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
On 7 October, an engine fell off during takeoff, but no one was injured. Russia quickly grounded the Il-76 after this accident.
Unlike large vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limits.
Water is another example. Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
England had known a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
After hundreds of hours of operation, the filament in the light bulb eventually burns out and the electric light bulb no longer works.
Thanks to submarine fibre-optic cable connections to Europe and broadband satellite connections, Greenland is well connected and 93% of the population has access to the Internet.
Piquet Jr. crashed during the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, just after a pit stop by Fernando Alonso, forcing the deployment of the safety car.
One day, perhaps, your great-great-grandchildren will find themselves on an extraterrestrial world, pondering their distant ancestors?
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 matches.
Have another copy available in your luggage and online (an e-mail addressed to yourself with an attachment, or stored in the "cloud").
"For as far as we know, there is only one planetary body that shows more dynamism than Titan, and that is the Earth," Stofan added.
The water molecules form an invisible film on the surface that allows objects such as a needle to float on the water.
The visit to the site can be pleasantly associated with a boat ride on the lake.
The demonstration began around 11 am local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall, opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the official residence of the Prime Minister.
The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the use of the hand to bear weight in locomotion on the joints.
In 2008, Batten was ranked 190th on the list of the 400 richest Americans, with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
The problem is that the snow sticks, so if it collapses, it means there was a trigger element. However, a slight collapse of the snow can be the trigger for the rest of it.
In just a few years after the arrival of European explorers, the native Taíno population had significantly decreased due to the Spanish conquistadors.
The cause of death was announced to be an intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
Although this activity is very common, it is forbidden by Disney: tickets are not transferable.
The various constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to distinct wavelengths, and have different degrees of acuity. They also require distinct treatments for the interpretation of the received data and the numbers they need to function optimally differ as well.
These days, it is rare for people to book their flight directly with the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
The main objectives of Italy were the African countries. To conquer these countries, it was necessary to have a launching base for the troops, so that they could cross the Mediterranean and invade Africa.
Let's start by explaining Italy's strategy, the main "heir apparent" of Germany and Japan.
Fred is the most violent tropical cyclone ever recorded in the South and East Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane ever recorded east of 35°W.
In some cross-border trains, inspections are carried out on the moving train and you must have a valid ID on you when traveling on one of these trains.
First, the light fixture's switch must be turned off or the wire disconnected.
These agents are responsible for predicting government and judicial services provided under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
Fundamentally, you'll be posting ads to offer your services, walking the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make friends with sailors at the bar, etc.
Although they are often private, some occasionally host heads of state or other dignitaries.
The ancient city of the Judean hills has a fascinating history that spans thousands of years.
His second goal of the evening was his 60th of the season, making him the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that mark.
Especially at the beginning, think of making a fool of yourself in hotels, food, and Western-style and quality services to help you acclimate.
MetroRail offers two classes on the Cape Town commuter trains and its surroundings: MetroPlus (also known as first class) and Metro (also known as third class).
The authorities have shared little official information about today's arrest.
In 1994, the Azerbaijani region of Nagorno-Karabakh, ethnically Armenian, waged a war against the Azeris.
MRI is based on a physical phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
Another famous Greek is the mathematician Pythagoras, best known for his famous theorem on the relations of the sides of right triangles.
Its glass windows and thin walls would not have been able to withstand a fierce assault for long.
Despite his comments, he declared that he would support the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics, which will be held in London.
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip off building boards and toss cars into the air. The two percent of the most violent tornadoes last more than three hours.
Joining such a network typically requires only filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
Alonso took advantage of the cars in front of him stopping to refuel during the safety car period, to move up the field and win the race.
After the match, the king of the hard court declared: "I am simply thrilled to be back for the finals of the most important events. I am here to try and win."
The city of Beijing in China will host the 2022 Winter Olympics, making it the first city to have hosted both the Summer and Winter Games.
The "typical" visit consists of flying to Orlando International Airport, taking a bus to a Disney hotel on site, staying there for about a week without leaving the Disney facilities and returning home.
San Francisco is also one of the best destinations in the country to discover Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian and Japanese.
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the July meteor shower last month.
It is compacted snow, with filled and marked crevasses. It can only be traversed by specialized tractors, pulling sleds carrying fuel and supplies.
You may discover a simple drink that you can prepare for your breakfast when you return to your daily routine.
Personal VPN (Virtual Private Network) providers are an excellent way to circumvent both political censorship and commercial IP geofiltering.
There are a large number of restaurants around the garden, and free concerts often take place in the afternoon and evening from the central kiosk.
Also be aware of the Nordic mosquitoes during the summer. Although they do not transmit any disease, their bite can be irritating.
If you are going to camp, bring a sleeping bag or a hammock to keep away from snakes, scorpions and others.
This artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and vibrant metropolis.
Over the past 20 years, the number of child-friendly options in Charlotte's uptown area has grown exponentially.
The city's religious importance, and in particular that of the many sites in the Old City, makes Jerusalem one of Israel's main tourist destinations.
They regale each other with stories of their hometowns, told with their pronounced accents and local slang.
Two-thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter in industry, and one-fifth in agriculture.
The sign was not damaged; the modification was made using black tarps decorated with the peace symbol and the heart symbol to change the "O" to a lowercase "e".
The governor also stated: "Today, we have learned that some school-age children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
With the heat of the day, travelers can see mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things).
By evaluating successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the entire participating group discover more deeply the values, the mission, and the guiding forces of the organization.
However, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French at school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system.
He recently lost a match against Raonic at the Brisbane International.
English: It is the largest acquisition in eBay's history.
Its remnants have caused showers on most of the islands, although so far, no damage or flooding has been reported.
There are, however, today recognized graffiti artists, events dedicated to the discipline and "authorized" surfaces to indulge in. Under these conditions, graffiti resemble more often true works of art than the common, indecipherable tags.
Living and volunteering in a foreign country is an excellent way to discover a different culture, meet new people, learn to know oneself, acquire new perspectives and even new skills.
Only the effects of the catastrophe, and not depression and fear, were conditioned by regular and structured weekly sessions of AP.
An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, of which the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
The surface tension is created because the magnetism between the water molecules at the surface is so much stronger than with the air molecules above them.
The Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which means "the way of the guru" in Punjabi. The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions, but in Sikhism, it has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs.
It's just as exhausting as waking up every twenty or thirty minutes and watching TV.
In winter, enjoy some of North America's best ski runs, and in summer, taste authentic mountain biking.
Most temple festivals are celebrated in the context of the temple's anniversary, the deity presiding over it, or on the occasion of any other major event associated with the temple.
Architecture refers to the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a site is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
The former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Newt Gingrich, came in second with 32%.
In addition to being an Olympic Champion and World Champion, Saito was the President of the Japanese Judo Federation at the time of his death.
Beware: the bars in small towns here are not always good places to hang out if you're a foreign visitor.
The couple had gotten married in Texas a year ago and had come to Buffalo to celebrate the occasion with friends and parents.
Certain medium format cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative.
We estimate that the typhoon is heading towards China at a speed of 11 km/h.
A bit of cross-country in the winter, combined with a gym workout for the upper body, is the best preparation for the racing season.
Take copies of your insurance policy and your insurer's contact information with you.
Northern Rock had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the British government.
In third place, Hamlin is 20 points behind, but 5 ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth with 2,220 and 2,207 points respectively.
Most of the objects buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made of precious metals and rare stones.
Turkey is surrounded by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south.
The militaristic nature of the Roman Empire contributed to the development of advances in medicine.
Relax: once you reach the marinas, everything will be clear. You'll meet other hitchhikers who will share their information with you.
The documents show that 14 banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of dollars of wealth from taxes and other regulations.
The Cook Islands are a self-governing state in free association with New Zealand, in the South Pacific Ocean, about halfway between Hawaii and New Zealand.
The men of Stark took position along the fence, at the northern end of the colonel's position.
Tourism plays an important role in the economy of San Francisco due to its international reputation, but in reality, its economic activities are diversified.
The idea was that all European nations prevent one nation from becoming powerful, that's why national governments often changed alliances to maintain the balance.
He was immediately taken care of by the medical staff on the track and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
When they asked her what the father had said, she replied: "He couldn't say anything, he just stood there, blinking his eyes."
One of the most well-known applications in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired linguistic data.
Each corner store is filled with a bewildering array of prepaid phone cards that can be used from payphones or ordinary phones.
Wednesday, the American basketball league, the NBA, suspended the professional basketball season due to the COVID-19 problems.
Following this, the revelation of the illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and prosecutors had committed in the preceding years caused a great scandal within the Greek legal community.
The Russian control tower activated the jets, which allowed the station to regain a normal attitude.
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies as well as the ice events.
Although in the end Khrushchev sent tanks to restore order, he gave in to certain economic demands and agreed to name the popular Władysław Gomułka as the new prime minister.
The following image shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality, the photons are much smaller than those represented in the image.
These nerve impulses can be sent very quickly throughout the body, which helps to protect it against any potential threat.
The United States says it has learned from an anonymous source that kamikazes would be used to blow up "important sites" in Ethiopia and Kenya.
Alexei Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut number 11", was part of the original team of Soviet cosmonauts.
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces.
The Irish government is stressing the need for parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
Many exotic animals are hard to find, and the parks sometimes have rules about taking photos for commercial purposes.
Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes called "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the most well-known ancient Egyptian monarchs of modern times.
According to Mr. Pittman, the quantity and thickness of the ice are the worst that seal hunters have seen in the past 15 years.
Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour operators in competition. Most of them operate independently.
What is a cell? The word "cell" comes from the Latin word "cella", which means "small room", and was invented by a microscopist who observed the structure of wood.
The glaciers are not stable, but detach from the mountain. This causes cracks, crevasses, which can be obscured by snow bridges.
The ocular anatomies vary. They are classified in order of complexity according to the needs of the organism.
Don't sleep on a mattress or on a cushion directly on the ground in areas where you are not familiar with the local wildlife.
In 1995, he was elected the best player in the history of Partizan.
Scientists are working on the creation of a reactor that can produce energy in the same way.
Diplomats said they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine that the second round was unnecessary.
One of the most common problems encountered during the conversion of a film to DVD format is the jitter.
Student visa application procedures and requirements are generally different from those of standard tourist or business visas.
General James Ewing will ferry 700 militiamen across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over Assunpink Creek and prevent the enemy troops from escaping.
They are distinct from vehicular languages, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as a means of communication between speakers of other languages.
At the time of the award, Atlanta's schools had seen a significant improvement in test scores.
It was based on the German alphabet and a character "Õ/õ" was added.
English: If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made up of small squares or balls.
Each minute spent imprisoned on a roller coaster must be at least unpleasant, and it took at least an hour to extract the first person from the ride.
Golf and rugby will both be reinstated in the Olympics.
Over the past three months, more than 80 people who had been arrested have been released from the central detention house without being formally charged.
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 30 yards in front of the fence and ordered no one to fire until the regulars had crossed it.
In fact, there is not just one good thing to learn. Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the presented knowledge.
Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the instant messaging market at its own pace, due to its widespread use in the United States.
Income tax is structured differently in various countries, and tax rates and tax brackets vary widely from one country to another.
"It is now important, both from a public health and a penal justice point of view, that the legislation be promulgated as quickly as possible," a government spokesman said.
However, almost all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them offer high-quality entertainment (primarily the large casinos located near Albuquerque and Santa Fe)
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to assist inexperienced or motor-impaired people.
If you were to see someone break a car window, for example, you would probably think that they are trying to steal a stranger's car.
Before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news — and the reporting — when they were students at the University of Washington in 1988.
Hindi and Urdu have a similar vocabulary but a different script; in everyday conversation, speakers of the two languages can generally understand each other.
Translation: Translation engines have greatly improved, and now often give more or less correct translations (and less often gibberish), but one must be careful, as they may still be entirely wrong.
No other player has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
Hostels mainly cater to young people - a typical client is in their early twenties - but you also often find older travelers there.
By listening to individuals tell their personal, family and organisational stories, we were able to gather valuable information about the past and some of the personalities that have positively or negatively influenced the culture of the organisation.
Stardust will set a new historic record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, beating the previous record set in May 1969 when the Apollo X command module returned.
When low tide had carved a gap along the Mystic River in the northeast of the peninsula, we quickly enlarged the barrier by a stone wall to the north terminating at the water's edge on a small beach.
We'll never renovate a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or redo our neighbor's house.
The oldest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of the Upanishads, Sanskrit simply faded away due to the hierarchy.
Konami, the video game publisher, announced today in a Japanese newspaper that it will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
Visitors with limited time would be better off spending it elsewhere.
In Malaysia, at least in rural Malay areas, it means "come here", like the gesture of bending the index finger towards oneself, used in some Western countries, and it should only be used in that sense.
He sent an email to the local university students and received an impressive number of free accommodation offers.
system
You are a helpful AI assistant for translations

user
French: Certains universitaires soutiennent néanmoins qu'étant donné que cette civilisation était également présente dans les bassins du fleuve Sarasvati aujourd'hui asséché, elle devrait justement être appelée la civilisation de l'Indus-Sarasvati, alors que certains la nomment civilisation Harappan d'après Harappa, le premier de ses sites à avoir été mis au jour, dans les années 1920.
English: 
Some scholars, however, argue that, given that this civilization was also present in the basins of the dried-up Sarasvati river, it should be called the Indus-Sarasvati civilization, while some call it the Harappan civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be discovered in the 1920s.
In short, the Renaissance was the origin of a major change in the way of thinking about learning and the dissemination of knowledge.
During the warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his motorcycle, then was hit by his fellow competitor Xavier Zayat.
Avalanches are not abnormal phenomena; steep slopes can only hold a small amount of snow, with the excess spreading out as an avalanche.
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney won the Republican Party of Florida's presidential primary election on Tuesday with more than 46 percent of the vote.
This can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow for a longer stay somewhere, as many volunteer jobs offer accommodation and meals and some pay a small salary.
If you use a drone, check in advance what you are allowed to film and what additional permits or licenses are required.
In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of working with flexible hours. (Bremer, 1998)
The 30-year-old husband, a native of Buffalo, was one of the four victims of the shooting, but his wife was not injured.
Sikhism is a religion of the Indian subcontinent, born in the 15th century in the Punjab region, as a schism within the Hindu tradition.
Time has been studied by religious, philosophical and scientific scholars for thousands of years.
Zayat emerged unscathed from the accident.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
On 28 June, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and a potential successor to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing at Tobruk.
"Video surveillance would undoubtedly send a strong message to people working with animals that their welfare is of the utmost importance."
Unfortunately, when you burn a DVD, its edges will probably be cut off as well, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom of the screen, they won't appear.
English: Sanskrit is an ancient language, comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
During planning, keep in mind that, although Southern Africa is stable, not all neighboring countries are.
Families with children are rare, but some hostels accept them in private rooms.
Since Pakistan's independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani president has appointed "political agents" to govern the tribal areas, who exercise almost complete independent control over these regions.
It is an archipelago of 15 islands spread over 2.2 million square kilometers of ocean.
The clouds presented a risk of confusion as to whether a real eruption had taken place.
Most televisions are made to please the general public.
Nadal amassed 88% of net points in the match, winning 76 points on his first serve.
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772, they destroyed Phnom Penh.
China's GDP could surpass that of the United States over the next two decades.
This allows students to work at their own pace while controlling the speed at which pedagogical information is delivered.
Your passport must be valid for at least six months beyond your travel dates. A return ticket is required to prove the duration of your stay.
Perry has specifically stated: "There are few places in the world that are better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
Ecuador requires Cuban nationals to obtain a letter of recommendation before they can enter Ecuador through international airports or border posts.
Many tickets sold online on auction sites such as eBay or Craigslist are valid for several days in the parks but are already partially used.
Car camping is possible if you have a large estate car, an SUV, a saloon or a hatchback with seats that fold down.
At the beginning of the day, the winds were blowing at about 83 km/h, and they should continue to weaken.
People were hitting the windows with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable.
English: A population is the set of organisms of a particular species in a given geographical area.
The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described dependence on oil as a "trap" dating back to before the 1979 Iranian Islamic Revolution, from which the country should be freed.
Coffee is one of the most sold commodities in the world, and you can probably find many types in your region of origin.
Long summer days can cause sleep disorders and other health problems related to these disorders.
A triceratops could have used its powerful beak to remove leaves before eating the trunk.
You must note the position of the victim as you approach her and any visible signs of distress.
In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defence was only necessary against small bands of wandering marauders.
You must carefully choose your airline's Frequent Flyer program within an alliance.
Fjords and steep valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less regular plateau are typical of Norway.
If you have more time to travel, compare the total price of the ticket to Africa with the price of a ticket to go around the world.
It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel built the fortress to commemorate his victory over the Tibetan-Mongol forces.
After, and only after mastering online formatting and revision, you will be able to create your own website.
Some applications in this category can even translate foreign language texts inscribed on signs or other everyday objects when the user points their smartphone at them.
We estimate that this well-furnished raptor with warm blood stood upright on two clawed legs, much like the Velociraptor.
If you are traveling for the first time to a developing country or to a region of the world you are not familiar with, do not take the possible cultural shock lightly.
It can generally be replenished fairly easily in case of depletion and offers a resolution roughly comparable to that of a current digital reflex.
The territory of Turkey is over 1,600 kilometers (1,000 miles) long and 800 kilometers (500 miles) wide, with a shape that is roughly rectangular.
In terms of the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is part of the economy, an essential element."
Given this, expect to be out of breath and be vigilant in the steepest sections, especially in wet conditions, as it can quickly go downhill.
In his notes, he used words that some parents consider to be coarse, and he would have used profanity in class.
During the nomadic period, legionary ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
In addition to containing three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also bore the image of the national flag of India, painted on all its faces.
At the beginning of the war, they were sailing mainly on the sea. But with the progress made in radar, and given their ever-increasing precision, submarines had to dive underwater to avoid being detected.
This theory challenges the assertion that the Moon has absolutely no geological activity.
The protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures for their petition to present to the National Congress in November.
“ One of the windows finally broke, and they started coming out through the window,” said Franciszek Kowal, a survivor.
In Rogaland and at Adger, they are often called "hei", which means heathland often covered with heather.
In general, to stay in a foreign country for a long period, you must obtain a visa beforehand.
The two teams faced each other in the big semi-final, in which Noosa won by 11 points.
The army ant colonies march and nest in different phases.
Written words are also often easier to understand than spoken words. This is particularly true for addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce in a way that is easily understood.
In London, around 200 people protested outside the offices of some major copyright holders.
If you visit Greenland during the cold seasons (given that as you venture further north, the cold intensifies), be sure to bring warm enough clothing.
Low temperatures may be the only real danger that those who are not prepared will have to face.
We had announced no delay due to traffic jams on the ring road; the other city road.
The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk.
For this reason, everything you watch on television has the edges cut off at the top, bottom, and sides.
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told ABC that monitoring and inspecting abattoirs should be a given in Australia.
The simplest way to get started with writing travel articles is to hone your skills on a well-established travel blog.
English: Man is by far the most gifted species to read the thoughts of others.
Ensure that the agent through which you book is a Galapagos specialist with a solid knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
At least 100 people had attended the party to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding took place last year.
Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of the day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting for the next in-person meeting.
Christopher Garcia, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesperson, stated that the male suspect was being investigated for burglary rather than vandalism.
The entire neighborhood is listed on UNESCO's World Heritage for its unique cultural and historical value, and the real estate prices there are among the highest in the country.
These are children who tend to have significant difficulties, as they "adopt risk-taking behaviors, fight and defy authority" in order to stimulate their brain, since it cannot be stimulated by normal activities.
Avarice and egoism will always be part of us. It is natural in a cooperative relationship to gain more and faster, acting with egoism, when the majority is favored.
According to the International Seismological Centre's data, there were no earthquakes in Iceland during the past week.
It can be customized to make it easier to read, and you can put as much or as little color as you want.
English: "Some may not agree, but I don't care.
The traveler who has considerable sums at his disposal may consider a round-the-world trip by air, broken up by stays in a number of these hotels.
Before examining the victim, ensure your safety by surveying the scene.
The plane was heading for Irkutsk and was being flown by domestic troops.
Beaches, theme parks, and campgrounds are often the most frequented places by leisure tourists.
The trip to Walt Disney World represents an important pilgrimage for many American families.
They resembled pieces. He was the first to observe dead cells.
Canyoning (or canyoneering) consists of descending to the bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or filled with water.
Charles was the first member of the British royal family to obtain a license.
This includes online waiting, as drug-sniffing dogs can be used at any time without notice.
The outer part that we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light".
This becomes less of a problem as lens manufacturers reach higher standards in lens production.
The participating countries organize artistic and educational exhibitions in their national pavilions to highlight global issues or the culture and history of their country.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to obstruct the course of justice.
Last week, Naked News announced its intention to seriously increase the number of hours dedicated to the international language news program, with three new programs on the horizon.
Certain current regions of Belgium were formerly part of Luxembourg, but became Belgian after the Belgian Revolution of the 1830s.
When it became apparent that several families were seeking legal aid to fight evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for victims of housing scams.
Most involved people who work with poultry, but there is also a certain risk for birdwatchers.
Consider getting your eyes checked at home, especially if your insurance covers it, and bring the prescription to be dropped off elsewhere.
Estimates vary as to the number of people who speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most widely spoken language in the world.
A person weighing 200 pounds (90 kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16 kg) on Io. So, of course, gravity pulls you less.
Arias has tested positive for a mild case of the virus, said presidential minister Rodrigo Arias.
This makes the skater turn. If the skates lean to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates lean to the left, the skater turns left.
The Temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on 21 July 356 BC in a criminal arson attack by Herostratus.
International horticultural exhibitions are specialized events that present floral displays, botanical gardens and everything related to plants.
These comments, broadcast live on television, were the first time that high-level Iranian sources have admitted that sanctions had any effect.
According to meteorologists, it is likely that the storm, located about 645 miles (1,040 km) west of Cape Verde, will dissipate before threatening any coastline.
Another secondary storage area under the tanks, capable of holding 104,500 barrels, has not yet been filled to its maximum capacity.
Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring, and declare everything that exceeds legal limits.
This has allowed zooms to produce images of a quality comparable to that obtained by fixed focal length lenses.
By the 15th century, northern Estonia was under strong German cultural influence.
At the end of the race, Keselowski remained at the top of the Drivers' Championship with 2,250 points.
At Whitehall, shortly after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic heading north.
To return to the previous energy level, they must get rid of the excess energy stored by contact with the light.
The attack has put India-Pakistan relations to the test.
This makes the zoom objectives difficult to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
Architecture draws heavily from other disciplines, including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior decoration, and landscape architecture.
"“If it becomes a profitable market, we have to be there. There is in principle no opposition to nuclear energy,” Mr. Costello said."
So, if you were to stand near the shore, you would be able to see all the way down to the pebbles or other mud that can be found in the depths.
The commissioner said: "We have not yet agreed on the basic rules, nor on the tariff concessions, but the envisioned perspective is sufficient to start trade by July 1, 2020."
"I hope to resume all my duties as of Monday," Arias said in a statement.
For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time, and predictability to reduce expenses to near zero, check out the budget minimum trip.
The building housed a certain number of pilgrims who had come to visit the holy city on the eve of the Hadj pilgrimage.
Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces onto the rugged and steep landscape up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
Tourist visits are expensive, require good physical condition, can only take place in summer (from November to February) and are largely limited to the peninsula, the islands, and the Ross Sea.
In 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and scientist, discovered the principles that allowed the use of magnetic resonance imaging as a medical diagnostic tool.
Of approximately 24,000 meteorites recorded to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have a demonstrated Martian origin.
This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and meet certain conditions.
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that puts travelers in touch with the inhabitants of the cities they are going to visit.
At its peak, the tropical cyclone Gonu, whose name means "palm frond bag" in the Maldivian language, spawned sustained winds reaching 240 kilometers per hour (149 miles per hour).
The traditional medieval castle has long stimulated the imagination, evoking images of jousts, banquets, and Arthurian chivalry.
The arrows of their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. Around 1000 BC, the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
The effect depends on how often your brain attempts to dream lucidly per night.
Throughout the centuries, the Roman Empire has greatly worked in the field of medicine, and is the origin of most of the knowledge that we possess today.
When individuals present multiple variants of a particular trait, they are polymorphic.
It would be judged differently if he had lost the keys to his car and if it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
In this case, recalling previous examples of entrepreneurial behavior and the successes that resulted from them helped people to open up to new changes and helped the local church to take a new direction.
At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
The construction of five new skyscrapers is currently underway on the site, including a transportation center and a commemorative park in the middle.
The broadcasting services law provides for the regulation of Internet content, but in order to be considered as Internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
These guidelines are based on the assumption that travelers do not steal, do not enter public places, do not participate in illegal markets, do not beg, or exploit others for their own benefit.
The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or natural geothermal heat warms certain areas of the ground.
We fear that patients may continue to infect more people in their daily activities if the symptoms of the flu remain mild.
It is not even necessary to obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can get satellite Internet in the remote Chicken, Alaska, and select a number that indicates you are in sunny Arizona.
They normally offer a wider bandwidth and better service quality. They are encrypted and therefore more difficult to spy on.
With the transition from the 400 meters to the 800 meters, speed becomes much less important and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
At 8:46 exactly, a silence fell over the city, marking the exact moment when the first plane hit its target.
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. The standard 35mm film (36mm negative by 24mm) is by far the most common.
Since then, the Brazilian has played 53 matches for the club in all competitions combined and has scored 24 goals.
French: Le temps est quelque chose qui nous entoure et qui affecte tout ce que nous faisons, et pourtant il est difficile à comprendre.
English: Time is something that surrounds us and affects everything we do, and yet it is difficult to understand.
Sejong the Great was the fourth king of the Joseon dynasty and remains one of the most revered Korean monarchs.
In April of this year, a temporary injunction was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to require the release of people detained for more than 24 hours after admission and not heard by a court commissioner.
About ten minutes before he had to land, he disappeared during his second attempt at approach.
The organizers of the demonstration claimed that around 100,000 people showed up in several German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg and Hanover.
The man would have driven a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
In some countries or types of retail outlets, at least one restaurant is found on site, often quite informal and practicing affordable prices.
Visa requirements and associated fees vary from country to country, and depend on the country of origin.
English: This is the time when people go to a place, completely different from what they see every day, to relax and have a good time.
Visits are cheaper for large groups, so if you're alone or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six people to get a better price per person.
"We are going through a one-year financial crisis, which has reached its most acute moment over the last two months, and I think that now the financial markets are starting to recover."
They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: they redirect all online traffic, not just http.
250 years later, Guinness has become a global company that generates more than €10 billion in revenue each year (US$14.7 billion).
Most temples hold an annual festival which starts in late November and ends in mid-May, which varies according to the annual calendar of each one.
Amir Khan, the silver medalist at the 2004 Olympics, said: "At the end of the day, I think women shouldn't fight. That's my opinion."
The human hand is shorter than his foot, with more rigid phalanges.
"Based on this fossil, we infer that the separation took place well before what was expected from molecular evidence.
On 24 September 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000-year lease for the St James' Gate brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
The surface area of Turkey in fact makes it the 37th largest country in the world and is roughly the size of metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined.
Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
Yesterday, the post office apologized to citizens and the media after discovering that the young boy had hidden over 600 letters, including 429 New Year's cards that never reached their intended recipient.
Don't forget to add the extra visa fees, departure taxes, land transportation, etc. for all these places outside of Africa.
The most common type of tourism may be the one that most people associate with travel: Recreational tourism.
Having its roots in Running Tours Barcelona of Barcelona and Running Copenhagen of Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others.
Mr Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto protocol isolates the United States, which is now the only developed country not to have ratified the agreement.
The bulb must then be replaced. One must be careful during the bulb change.
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict Danielle will become a hurricane by Wednesday.
The troops reinforcing the advanced positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire Regiments of 200 men, under the command of Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both of whom would later become generals).
Elements and components are capable of passing from one state to another without being modified for that.
Following this process, the HJR-3 will be re-examined by the next elected legislative body in 2015 or 2016 to remain in play.
For those who are not familiar with medical jargon, the words "infectious" and "contagious" have a distinct meaning.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can paralyze nerves in humans and fish.
Despite the fever and sore throat, I feel well enough to continue performing my duties thanks to remote work.
This is not a learning disability. It is a learning disorder that affects 3 to 5 percent of children and concerns nearly 2 million American children.
Many nations, in aggregate, speak English fluently, and in many other countries, one can expect to find a partial knowledge, especially among the young.
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
Wildlife and wildflowers are among the most difficult subjects for a photographer to capture, and require a combination of luck, patience, experience and good equipment.
Scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation", because the atoms are stimulated by bright light, which causes the emission of a photon of light (light being a type of radiation).
In fact, regional codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disc works very well on any device where the original can be played.
It may be preferable to contact an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
A contagious disease is an easily transmissible disease when one is in close proximity to an infected person.
The temple festivals of Kerala are very interesting to watch, with frequent processions of decorated elephants, temple orchestras, and other festivities.
Stone paths are laid along most of the trail, and steel cables provide a handrail in the steepest sections.
English: Therefore, we must make sure that the image covers the entire screen. This is what we call overscan.
These giant storms have winds blowing up to 480 km/h (133 m/s or 300 mph).
Drink alcoholic beverages in moderation. Alcohol has different effects on each person, and it is very important to know your limits.
Hiking is an outdoor activity that involves walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
You would tire less from this method. Don't forget that it's not necessary to press the keys too hard for them to sound louder. That's the case with the piano.
And then back north by west, crossing the Mara River once again after the rains around April.
Similarly, a British traveler in Spain might confuse a farewell sign made by a person turning their palm towards themselves (rather than towards the person to whom they are addressing the sign) with an invitation to return.
He received for his work the "Hero of the Soviet Union", the highest distinction of the Soviet Union.
Diplomatic incidents in the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Since then, China's economic size has been multiplied by 90.
The 100-metre vessel was on its way to collect its usual cargo of fertiliser, and authorities initially feared it would spill its fuel into the sea.
It is expected that Massa will be absent at least until the end of the 2019 season.
The United States Navy also stated that it was investigating the incident.
The Antarctic Plateau is a desolate plateau covered with 2 to 3 km of ice.
For example, children who identify with a racial minority perceived as typically underperforming in school tend to fail in school as soon as they discover the stereotype associated with their race.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
As chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations, which falls under the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Mr. Stearns is seeking to determine whether taxes are being used to fund abortions through family planning.
These demonstrations normally last between three and six months and take place on sites of at least 50 hectares.
Mysticism is the search for communion, the link with a deity or a god. It is the full consciousness of a spiritual truth.
Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways and Turkish Airlines have greatly developed their offers in Africa, and offer links to major African cities at competitive rates compared to other European airlines.
They begin as funnels descending from stormy clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
We live time as a series of events that pass from the future to the past through the present.
The Vikings used the Russian waterways to reach the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. Some parts of these routes may still be used. Check the possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to obtain.
This authentic community is located in Howe Sound, just outside of Vancouver, and is easily accessible by water taxi which run regularly from Granville Island in downtown Vancouver.
Due to their success with submarines, after the war, one did not trust the Germans to have many.
Allen, one of the richest people in the world, apparently invested a large part of his fortune in underwater exploration, and began his quest to find the Musashi, due to his passion for war since his youth.
The festivities began with a special show by the world-renowned Cirque du Soleil group.
San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with many top-notch hotels, restaurants and convention facilities.
The ACMA also concluded that, even if the video was streamed continuously on the internet, Big Brother had not breached the online content censorship legislation, as the multimedia content had not been stored on the Big Brother site.
Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of cult and religious belief by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly in the case of a peaceful, intuitive, happy, or even ecstatic personality.
The best way to see the sites and wildlife of the Galápagos is by boat, as Charles Darwin did in 1835.
It would seem that it's a way of making people believe they have to pay more.
Many buildings are quite pleasant to look at, and the view offered by large buildings or well-placed windows can be breathtakingly beautiful.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and ended on 3 August.
In addition, the Chief Justice, Evangelos Kalousis, was imprisoned after being found guilty of corruption and embezzlement.
Some, including John Grant, believe that the lack of funding and the change in philosophy of the television educational programs contributed to the end of the series.
The number of deaths is at least 15, a figure that is expected to rise.
These sites have beneficial sides, including the ability to easily set up page types that include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
The main sectors of employment are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism.
This page is easily accessible from a single web address, making it easy to remember and write for students who do not know how to use a keyboard and who have spelling problems.
Pureland Origami is an origami with the constraint that only one fold can be made at a time, more complex folds such as reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have simple locations.
With this arrangement in place, this freedom could come to an end.
The leaps are not of an aggressive nature, but will defend themselves if they feel threatened.
The main organ of the cardiovascular system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the first whole-body MRI scanner, which he called the "Indomitable".
Convergent thinking patterns are problem-solving techniques that combine different ideas or domains to find a solution.
This can be done in a normal car with meticulous planning, but a 4x4 is strongly recommended and many places are only accessible with a long-wheelbase 4x4.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme from a specific book and then explore that theme through several stories.
Jesus, 21, joined Manchester City in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported £27 million.
Often, you need to buy an international number that allows calls to be made in RCTP. The location of your phone number is crucial for people calling you.
Protests took place all over the world, there were several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments both resigned.
The group cancelled the show at Maui War Memorial Stadium, which was to have held 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
Helicopters rescued the 12 crew members and the only injury reported was a broken nose.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valletta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
It's something you should always keep in mind to avoid any disappointment or perhaps even any aversion to local behaviors.
The town is located just next to the falls, which is the main attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and tourists numerous possibilities for a longer stay.
The primary factor of this mindset: only one answer is suitable. You only think of two options: either it's the right answer, or it's a wrong answer.
Bowen Island is a popular day-trip or weekend getaway that offers kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
In 2014 Turkish Airlines served 39 destinations in 30 African countries.
A list of available hosts is then provided either in printed and/or online form, sometimes with references and reviews from other travelers.
The blade of a modern ice skate has two ends with a concave hollow between them. These two ends allow for better adhesion to the ice, even when they are tilted.
The city will be the first in Southeast Europe to host, between June and August this year, the CowParade, the world's largest public art event.
Additionally, in warmer climates, bacteria grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
Scientists have discovered a series of lobate scarps that cover the entire surface of the moon, which apparently resulted from the moon shrinking progressively.
In the study of life, cells are so essential that they are often considered the fundamentals of life.
It would be the fifth time in human history that we would have observed the fall to Earth of materials, the chemical analysis of which would have confirmed that they originated from Mars.
Some of the precipitation was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
Thus Delhi Belly's plagues, the Pharaoh's curse, Montezuma's vengeance and their many friends.
The heels must be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often spread on the roads or paths to improve traction.
These plateaus are often called "vidde", to designate a vast space without trees, an endless expanse.
Dump trucks were requisitioned to block the entrances to the metro and 80 police officers were on hand to direct motorists to the detours.
Many governments require visitors entering their country or residents leaving it to be vaccinated against a whole range of diseases.
Originally, he gave the name Hunmin Jeongeum to the Hangeul alphabet, which means "correct sounds to instruct the people".
Luxembourg has a long history, but its independence only dates back to 1839.
In federal countries such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied at both the federal and local levels, so that tax rates and brackets may vary from one region to another.
Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso in the Italian region of Liguria.
Born in Zagreb, the Croatian capital, Bobek made a name for himself playing for Partizan Belgrade.
The judge told Blake that it was "almost inevitable" that he would be incarcerated.
These last are not very agile, so the track must make a long detour around the Transantarctic Mountains to reach the plateau.
The Mumbai attackers arrived by boat on 26 November 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and targeting multiple locations, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal hotel.
The atom can be considered as one of the units that make up all matter.
He also reaffirmed his personal conviction on the implicit right to privacy, on which the Roe decision depends.
At 11:20 a.m., police asked protesters to return to the sidewalk, saying they had to find a balance between the right to protest and the increase in traffic.
There is no airline alliance covering the inter-oceanic connections of the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam does not cover any of them).
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of lucid dreaming, which prolongs the duration between paradoxical sleep states.
This will allow you to find the ship best suited to your specific interests and/or constraints.
For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a hike in the Sea to Sky corridor is a must.
Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area.
The numbering system of Belgium and the French-speaking Switzerland has some small peculiarities that differ from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of certain words is slightly different.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity have been reported at the base of the mountain.
They followed the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Check that your hand is as relaxed as possible when playing each note correctly. Also, try not to make unnecessary movements with your fingers.
Antarctica, which surrounds the South Pole, is the coldest place on Earth.
English: "He continued saying, "This is a serious matter. Be certain that our system functions as well as it should."
According to reports, a flat on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
The study revealed that depression, fear and catastrophizing were the origin of the relationship between pain and disability in people suffering from lower back pain.
Near the summit, one has to cross a small, rather narrow cave with a fairly low ceiling.
The capsule will travel at approximately 8 miles (12.8 km) per second, a speed that would allow it to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
This flight is not the only option if you want to avoid the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
You need to reserve a permit in advance. You need a permit to spend the night at Sirena.
Sometimes the trigger element is solar warming of the snow, sometimes it's just more snow, and other times it may be natural events or human activity.
Famous but no less controversial English tutor who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory, Karno claimed to have directed as many as 9,000 students at the height of his career.
Things took a bad turn for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. A week after Italy declared war on 10 June 1940, the 11th Hussars took Fort Capuzzo in Libya.
The head-to-head record of Nadal against the Canadian is 7-2.
Other scientists claim that these plants are very toxic, so it is unlikely that a dinosaur would have eaten them, even though today, sloths and other animals like parrots (descendants of dinosaurs) can eat toxic leaves or fruits.
The successor to Global Running Tours, Go Running Tours, has networked dozens of running tour service providers across four continents.
The German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very skilled in navigation and handling of their submarines.
Jonny Reid, the New Zealand A1GP team's co-driver, has made history today by legally crossing Auckland Harbour Bridge, which is 48 years old.
Phases occur because only the side of Venus (or the Moon) facing the Sun is illuminated. The phases of Venus justified Copernicus' theory that planets turn around the Sun.
Protons have a positive electric charge, while neutrons have no charge. Electrons have a negative electric charge.
You can mark the passage of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that repeats regularly.
In addition to the devastating ice, extreme weather conditions have hindered rescue efforts.
They include financial restrictions and an EU ban on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign revenues.
Today, computers are used to edit photos and videos.
There are many theories about how Sanskrit came into being. One of them concerns an Aryan migration from the west to India that came with its language.
Fred currently has winds of 165 km/h (105 mph) and is moving northwest.
It was a few weeks ago, following the information published by journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular television show "Zoungla" on Alpha TV, that lawyer and parliament member Petros Mantouvalos was removed from his position due to the involvement of members of his office in corruption and bribery cases.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth and Harvick complete the top ten in the drivers' championship at the four races of the end of the season.
However, this should not worry you too much, as tourists are often mixed to fill the cars.
Last month, there were large demonstrations in Poland when the country signed ACTA, which decided the Polish government not to ratify the agreement for the time being.
Cuban citizens holding a U.S. green card must go to an Ecuadorian consulate to obtain an exemption from this requirement.
In 1951, a fire left only a few relics of the Drukgyal Dzong, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly reduce the cost of last-minute funeral travel.
The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society.
Local media reported that an airport fire truck made a barrel roll while providing aid.
They called themselves the Moriori, and after some skirmishes, the Moriori were eventually eliminated.
For a few coins, children will tell you the story.
Children become aware of the concept of race and racial stereotypes at a very young age, and these stereotypes have an impact on behavior.
Over the past three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy.
We find animals everywhere on Earth. They dig the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
English: Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls and send them into holes.
Precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial".
Someone could use you to transport drugs without your knowledge, which would get you into big trouble.
However, a new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of Maori from the continent who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinct and peaceful culture.
As mentioned above, although the word "Eskimo" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-American Arctic peoples, particularly in Canada.
The believer seeks a direct experience, an intuition or a revelation of the divine reality/the divinity or the gods.
As the ability to acquire knowledge and learn has changed in the way mentioned above, the basic rate at which knowledge was acquired has changed.
The research had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
Real-time translation apps are apps capable of automatically translating entire segments of text from one language to another.
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
When tenants began sharing what had happened to them, most of the affected families suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their deposits and left town.
He did research in a book published in 1998.
An absolute freedom: this is what the postmodern approach to learning offers. There is no good way of learning that would be unique in itself.
In addition, each show will offer a book recommendation that children should borrow from the library.
The British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank controlled about a third of the 1,200 shell companies used for this purpose.
The authorities are still unaware of his name, but we know that he is a member of the Uyghur ethnic group.
Northern Rock had sought help due to its exposure to the effects of the 2007 subprime crisis.
The bus was heading to Six Flags St. Louis, in Missouri, so the group could play in front of a packed house.
Buying food in supermarkets is generally the cheapest way to eat. Without the possibility of cooking, however, the choices are limited to ready-to-eat foods.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, a two-time Olympic gold medalist, has died at the age of 54.
In tradition, the heir to the throne did his military service after finishing his studies.
Families with young children may need more preparation, but it is possible to spend a day outdoors, even with babies and preschool-age children.
English: If you get hurt trying to help, you'll only make things worse.
The bones of a two- to three-million-year-old fossil hand reveal the mutation that occurred in the function of the hand as it transitioned from locomotion to manipulation.
This steep mountain, which dominates the northern end of Machu Picchu, often serves as a backdrop for many photos of the ruins.
English: Even photons are smaller than the particles that form atoms!
However, a source familiar with the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was 16-year-old Louis Jourdain, the son of Red Lake tribal chairman Floyd Jourdain.
As the state where the winner takes all, Florida awarded Romney its 50 delegates, propelling him to the front of the Republican nomination race.
According to the main researchers, this could allow for early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria in patients from low-income countries, where the survival rate for diseases such as breast cancer can be two times lower than in rich countries.
Access to these services is often made through a free phone number that can be called without charge from almost all phones.
French: Les peintures murales ou les gribouillages indésirables sont connus sous le nom de graffitis.
Phnom Krom, 12 km from Siem Reap. This temple, situated at the top of a hill, was built at the end of the 9th century, under the reign of King Yasovarman.
He joined it in 1945 and remained there until 1958.
The commissioner fixes the bail, if granted, and formalises the charges brought by the officer who made the arrest. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is followed.
The PBS show has received more than twenty Emmy Awards, and it has only run shorter than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers.
The former conservative Australian government refused to ratify Kyoto, claiming it would harm the economy due to its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets.
English: The cell comes from the Latin word cella, meaning small room.
Among these abilities, the ability to understand the other's intentions is the most important. It allows us to resolve any ambiguities posed by certain physical actions.
The Angkor Pass is compulsory to enter the temple, so don't forget to bring your passport when visiting Tonle Sap.
Natural factors can cross over to produce ideal conditions, allowing these algae to increase in number considerably.
The player of the day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Now let's move on to Japan. Japan is an island country, just like Great Britain.
Stellar bodies emit light and heat due to the energy created when hydrogen atoms fuse (or condense) to form heavier elements.
Union Garden. This space was built as the atrium of a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the only surviving building.
However, if this were to happen, it would certainly not be for a very long time. The stars are so far apart that there are billions of kilometers between neighboring stars.
The first economic reforms were carried out under the direction of Deng Xiaoping.
Some boots are equipped with crampons and there is additional crampon equipment for slippery conditions, which fits most shoes and boots, for heels or heels and sole.
At the edge of the glaciers, immense blocks detach, fall, and may bounce or roll away from the edge.
English: Asynchronous communication allows for more time for reflection and reaction to others.
It is possible to obtain access permits to the park directly from the Puerto Jiménez forest ranger station, but credit cards are not accepted.
Whistler (about an hour and a half's drive from Vancouver) is expensive, but made its name through the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Your hotel, guest house or private residence will probably offer a Wi-Fi connection or a computer connected to the Internet, while all places have a cybercafé or a place equipped with a public Wi-Fi connection.
We know many Greek politicians, scientists and artists. But the most famous of all this civilization is probably Homer, the blind poet author of the two greatest works of Greek literature: the poems of the Iliad and the Odyssey.
This marked an important change, as European powers could no longer use the pretext of religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be qualified as a religious war.
The War of the Spanish Succession marked the First War whose main outcome was the balance of power.
The proposed amendment was already adopted by both chambers in 2011.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The opening of the valves allowed the pressure inside the system to drop, and the oil flowed down a ramp to a reservoir with a capacity of 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
The permits, issued in limited numbers in order to preserve the canyon, are made available as of the first of the month, four months prior to departure.
She said: "No information suggests that an attack is imminent."
In its latest monthly report, OPEC said crude oil exports had fallen to their lowest level in two decades, at 2.8 million barrels a day.
They also stated in a statement: "The crew is currently working to determine the best way to safely extract the ship."
This means that we are able to anticipate, and not without success, the perceptions, intentions, beliefs, knowledge, and desires of other humans.
Humans can be affected by breathing in contaminated water carried in the air by wind and waves.
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
The use of the Internet allows learners to access information as often as they wish.
"We were all just in shock," the mother said.
The telecommanded lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its lunar impact probe (MIP), which hurtled towards the lunar surface at 1.5 kilometers per second (3,600 miles per hour) and successfully executed a hard landing near the lunar south pole.
Modern Education has been accused of printing unauthorized large advertisements on buses, and of claiming to be the main English tutor.
Jerusalem has many historical, archaeological and cultural sites, as well as lively and very popular shopping centers, cafes and restaurants.
English: We cook a meal in a hot pit dug into the ground.
Lake Onega is also connected to the Volga, so it is still possible to come from the Caspian Sea via Russia.
The number of native languages depends on whether very close dialects are taken into account.
John Grant, of WNED Buffalo (the Reading Rainbow station), said: "Reading Rainbow taught children why to read... gave them a love of reading — [the show] encouraged children to pick up a book and read."
A power outage caused by a routine test of the fire suppression system opened the relief valves and led to a spill of crude oil near Pump Station 9 at Fort Greely.
Interactive design forces you to rethink your perception of media production and to learn to think in a non-linear way.
In 2010, although nationalised, the current Northern Rock plc was separated from the "bad bank", Northern Rock (Asset Management).
The problem started on January 1 when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year's cards.
Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2243 points.
There was also another tribe on the Chatham Islands: it was Maori who had migrated far from New Zealand.
The man suspected of having detonated the bomb was arrested, after being injured by the explosion.
Maintaining a good energy balance, adequate and regular hydration, and good knowledge about the different aspects related to nutritional supplements can help athletes improve their performance and enjoy their sport even more.
A day hike involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
This point is illustrated by our current experience of all the television information programs on do-it-yourself and learning.
The lugubrious atmosphere of the temple and the view of Lake Tonlé Sap make the climb up the hill interesting.
By chance, nothing happened to me, but I witnessed a macabre scene, where people were trying to break windows in order to get out.
Submarines were used during World War I and World War II. At the time, they were very slow and had a very limited range.
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
These plants resemble a small palm tree with a crown of pointed and spiny leaves.
These can be dangerous if the traveler pursues the mirage, thus wasting precious energy and the remaining water.
During the rainy season (from November to March), the water volume will be higher and the falls will be more dramatic.
Meanwhile, Dr. Lee expressed concern over reports of Turkish children who had been infected with the H5N1 avian flu virus without falling ill.
Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but as with photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
The Hangeul is the only alphabet invented specifically to be used in everyday life. The alphabet was invented in 1444 under the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
At 11:29, the demonstration moved to Whitehall, in front of Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, via Aldwych and up Kingsway to Holborn, where the Conservative Party was holding its Spring Forum at the Grand Connaught Rooms.
While immigration control is generally absent or a mere formality upon arrival in your country of origin, customs control can be a source of hassle.
Media companies commonly lie about the purpose of this measure, claiming it is to "prevent piracy".
This may require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
A part is usually played in eighteen holes: players generally start at the first hole of the course and finish at the eighteenth.
There are many things to consider before and during your trip.
The red tide is caused by an abnormally high concentration of Karenia brevis, a natural marine unicellular organism.
Captain Scott Kouns of the fire department said, "It was a hot day in Santa Clara County with temperatures exceeding 90 degrees.
They generate violent winds (often 100 to 200 miles per hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves.
For most countries, you will need a letter of acceptance from the institution you wish to study at, as well as proof of sufficient funds to cover your living expenses for at least the first year of your course.
In many countries with such a law, local hotels will take care of the registration (don't forget to ask).
Victoria Falls is a town in western Zimbabwe, on the border with Zambia (Livingstone) and near Botswana.
Setting up a tent on private property or in a city, regardless of its size, can easily draw attention.
He is a graduate of the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Virginia since 1950 and has been a major donor to this institution.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurobiological disorder characterized by three main symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty concentrating, and hyperactivity (or excess energy).
If you want to travel around the world by plane, staying only in the southern hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations will be limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes.
The US Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, has issued a warning against "extremists from Somalia" who are planning to carry out suicide bombings on Kenyan and Ethiopian soil.
Ten years later, he was directing the Soviet part of the Apollo-Soyuz mission, symbolizing the end of the space race.
The Greek historian Strabo later mentioned this name and it is thus how it has come down to us. The temple was destroyed on the same night that saw the birth of Alexander the Great.
When you travel, expect things not to be like "at home". Manners, laws, food, traffic, accommodation, norms, language, etc. differ to some extent from where you live.
The JAS 39C Gripen crashed on a runway around 9:30 local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, prompting the closure of the airport to commercial flights.
The evidence later showed that the tests had been falsified by Hall, as well as by 34 other national education officials, who were put on trial in 2013.
This gives a resolution almost four times higher than that of a 35mm negative (3136 mm2 against 864).
The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos, were imprisoned in Korydallus prison in Athens after being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
Thirteen-year-old motorcycle rider Peter Lenz died after being involved in an accident at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
With the support of Armenia, a new republic was created. However, no established nation, not even Armenia, officially recognizes it.
The middle-distance is a relatively inexpensive sport. The idea that it would require basic equipment is also as false as most of the myths surrounding this sport.
However, their beauty and charm evolve in winter, with many mountain stations provided with good quantities of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
If you travel with a laptop or tablet, keep a copy in its memory or disk (offline accessible).
However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe at the end of the 16th century.
The Il-76 is a major component of the Russian and Soviet army since the 1970s, and had already recorded a grave accident in Russia last month.
The Virgin Group of Sir Richard Branson had its bid rejected before the bank's nationalisation.
Even in the midst of millennia-old ruins, it is easy to recall the sounds and smells of distant battles, to almost hear the clinking of hooves on cobblestones and to feel fear rising from the moat of the keep.
The presenter, who was arrested on the scene, denied the attack and claimed he had used the pole to protect himself from bottles thrown at him by up to thirty people.
English: Vision, or the ability to see, depends on the visual system, sensory organs, or eyes.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus of being geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy ring E.
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks coincidentally list their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion declared that Tipper and he had the best sex experience of their lives after his 2000 electoral college defeat).
The motif must be deep enough, at least 5 mm (1/5 in) or more, and the material must be flexible enough in cold weather.
Over time, many borrowed words from German have mixed in. This was the beginning of development.
A Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was en route to Puerto Princesa in Palawan.
In the high-end segment, guest rooms naturally compete mainly on two points: bedding and breakfast.
Wild animals can be timid or aggressive. The environment can be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
Given the remoteness of many towns, you won't be able to find a significant nightlife without going to Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
The steel needle remains submerged due to the surface tension.
He stayed at the hotel where the players were staying before the match scheduled against Bologna on Sunday.
English: An investigation has been opened.
The blood moves away from the heart in tubes called arteries and returns to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
Crimes or acts of malice in general against foreigners are not public knowledge in Greenland. Even in the city, there are no "high-risk zones".
Estimates vary from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and up to 800 million people may understand the language.
This contradicts previous reports, according to which the cancellation of the runoff would have been unconstitutional.
The invention of the wheelbarrow has made the Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
Following its independence, Singapore acquired expertise in the field of botanical gardens. The island state then transformed itself into a tropical garden city.
The Twin Otter had attempted to land at Kokoda yesterday under the flight number Airlines PNG CG4684, but had already failed once.
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel on board when it broke down, while violent winds and waves pushed it onto the breakwater.
While most agencies are willing to handle most regular bookings, many agents specialize in types of travel, price ranges or destinations that are more specific.
In sleeper trains that run at night, passports can be collected by the train conductor so as not to interrupt your sleep.
If confirmed, the discovery would complete eight years of research on Musashi by Allen.
Emperor Augustus set about recruiting doctors and even formed the first Roman medical corps to treat the victims of battles.
There is an extra charge for having more than two passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary.
Their army and fleet were weaker, and this despite the fact that they had built four new ships just before the start of the war.
Like respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are quite common and, in most cases, are particularly annoying but not really dangerous.
If you want to learn how to throw a boomerang that returns directly to your hand, then make sure you have a boomerang designed to come back.
Outside of the white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country hosts the oldest European city in the Americas, which are now part of Saint-Domingue.
She received glowing reviews during her stint in Atlanta and was recognized for her innovative urban education.
The Sun does not have a crust like the Earth on which one can stand upright. The entire Sun is made of gas, fire, and plasma.
The President's health is stable, although he remains confined to his home for several days.
Also provide examples of regulations and contacts to fellow travelers and parents or friends at home who are ready to help you.
Of course, an excellent middle-distance runner, a man capable of beating a two-minute record must possess a good burst of speed, but above all a perfectly cultivated endurance.
A change was made during this legislative session when the second proposal was first removed by the House of Representatives, then adopted on Monday by the Senate in a similar form.
When people do not consider the moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too close and put themselves in danger.
Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization has adopted a new rule that will not provide grants or funding to organizations under investigation.
Alexandros, as king, offered to pay for the rebuilding of the temple, but his offer was declined. Later, after the death of Alexandros, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BC.
The colonizers, having spotted this activity, had also called in reinforcements.
Mr Costello said that while nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia has every interest in pursuing its use.
Illicit spirits may contain various dangerous impurities, including methanol, which can cause blindness or death, even in small doses.
Like the night of August 9, the Mokarot's eye was about 17 km from the Chinese province of Fujian.
Carry for others – never lose sight of your bags, especially when crossing international borders.
Interactive design requires that the elements of a project be connected to each other, but also that they have meaning as an independent entity.
The surgeons knew various sedatives such as morphine, a product derived from poppy seeds, as well as scopolamine, extracted from black henbane seeds.
The first decisive pass of the evening by Ovechkin was in favor of the winning goal by the blue Nicklas Backstrom.
However, in 991, Ethelred had to face a larger Viking fleet than any other since that of Guthrum a century earlier.
Brazil is the world's largest Catholic country, and the Catholic Church has always opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
Animals are made up of many cells. They eat all sorts of things and digest them naturally. Most animals can move around.
For the details of the conditions, see the establishment as well as the immigration service of the country in which you wish to study.
On 18 March 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity, or "spacewalk", remaining outside the spacecraft for a little over twelve minutes.
Even the hottest deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk if you don't have warm clothing.
Even if you drive in the tropical forest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get into the vehicle is enough for the mosquitoes to get into the vehicle with you.
In 2009, she received the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
These requirements may often depend on the countries visited by a traveler, or that he plans to visit.
The significant earthquake that triggered the phase change occurred on 10 March on the north-east face of the caldera at the summit of the volcano.
However, in June 1956, Khrushchev's promises were put to the test when the riots in Poland, where workers protested against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against communism.
Hominids no longer use their hands to walk, carry heavy loads, or swing from branch to branch of a tree like other primates.
ADHD affects relationships with other children, who cannot understand why the afflicted act in such a way, why they speak as they do, or why their level of maturity is different.
The Brazilian suffered severe head injuries in an accident that occurred in 2009, during the Hungarian GP.
Good nutritional practices alone are not enough to guarantee elite performance, but they can have a significant impact on the overall well-being of young athletes.
Not everyone was carried away by the idea of including female troops.
It's especially in the summer that you'll need to be careful about mosquitoes if you plan to go hiking in a tropical forest.
Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, a Bostonian, a Jamaican, and a Sydneysider sitting around the same restaurant table in Toronto.
MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded, but more expensive, while remaining less expensive than the normal fare of metro tickets in Europe.
The man has been manufacturing and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
Time is also a means of comparing the duration (length) of events.
English: "He will behave like water. He is transparent like water."
This sport is mainly practiced in a duel format, a fencer fighting against another.
Tourists can visit different sites in a given country or choose to focus on a single region.
The same flight can sometimes have large price disparities between aggregators; before booking, it is therefore advantageous to compare the results of the searches as well as to consult the airline's website itself.
The campsites in the most popular places such as the Bright Angel Campground, adjacent to Phantom Ranch, are generally filled by the first day of opening of the reservation requests.
The Dominican Republic (República Dominicana in Spanish) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti.
The nervous system maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses throughout the body to maintain blood flow both in motion and unimpeded.
Her frequent representation in music, films, literature, and popular culture has contributed to making the city and its monuments known worldwide.
"This means everything has to be put back in place," said Berhane Asfaw, a researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and co-author of the study.
English: The gas becomes rarer as one moves away from the center of the Sun.
However, compared to most other royal tombs, the tomb of Tutankhamun is hardly worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration.
Each train has Metro and MetroPlus cars; the MetroPlus cars are always at the end of the train closest to the Cape.
The surface area of Turkey, including lakes, is 783,562 square kilometres (302,535 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in Southwestern Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) are in Europe.
Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangis, while other hangis can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
Several thousand employees live here in the summer in about forty bases, mainly in these regions; a small number of them stay in the winter.
However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he studied anthropology and archaeology, and later history, obtaining a 2:2 (a lower second class degree).
In Berlin, the police estimated that there were about 6,500 protesters.
Tropical Storm Danielle, the fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
The Komen policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to an ongoing investigation into how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money, an investigation led by Congressman Cliff Stearns.
The reconnaissance and information gathering by David Headley facilitated the operation carried out by the ten armed men of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Registration is an additional requirement for the visa procedure. In some countries, you must register and indicate the address of your place of stay with the local authorities.
Adherents pursue certain lifestyles, or practices that aim to nourish these experiences.
With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes considered as "Hawaii of the Pacific".
The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and the Caribs. The latter people spoke Arawakan; they would have arrived about ten thousand years ago BC.
The main assault force, composed of 2,400 men, crossed the river nine miles north of Trenton, then split into two groups, one under Greene and the other under Sullivan, to launch a pre-dawn attack.
Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, although most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as such.
More than 60 cruise ships sail the waters of the Galápagos, ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
Entering southern Africa by car is an incredible way to see the full beauty of the region, as well as to get to off-the-beaten-path destinations.
But in other parts of the world, where the bacterial fauna is new to you, you are much more likely to encounter problems.
Maroochydore then beat Caboolture in the preliminary final.
Once the agent arrived on the scene, the apartment exploded.
During his two-hour speech, he stated that "Today, Apple reinvents the telephone; we will enter history today."
As a result, it is possible to find extremely luxurious bedding in the best establishments of this category, such as, for example, a handmade duvet or an antique bed.
Each of these raids or each of these razzias lasts about 17 days.
The case was heard in Virginia because that is the home of AOL, the Internet service provider, which was the original source of the accusations.
In many parts of the world, making a hand gesture is a friendly greeting meaning "hello".
According to the story, his motivation was fame at any price. The Ephesians, outraged, declared that the name of Herostratus would never be recorded.
It looks a bit intimidating from below, and it's a steep and difficult climb, but the fittest people should be able to do it in about 45 minutes.
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilization in the northwestern part of the Indian subcontinent, which includes most of modern-day Pakistan and certain regions of northwestern India and northeastern Afghanistan.
Tropical Storm Felicia, after reaching category 4 on the Saffir-Simpson scale, degenerated into a tropical depression before dissipating on Tuesday.
The airlines that offer them are notably Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights from the United States or Canada, and WestJet.
Residents from other regions often cite family conviviality as the main reason for their installation, and visitors often find the city easy to appreciate with children nearby.
Nigeria had previously announced that it intended to join the AfCFTA in the week preceding the summit.
About 800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System have been shut down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
I'm glad there are people who are willing to support me.
These escarpments have been found all over the surface of the moon and appear to be very little altered, which suggests that the geological phenomena that created them are quite recent.
This civilization flourished in the Indus basin, whence its name.
Take a look at the trips the agent is promoting, whether it's on a website or in a storefront.
These websites have generated a lot of interest, especially the educational aspect.
Special and occasional air expeditions to the interior of the land, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, with a wide base.
To camp below the rim of the Grand Canyon, you need a backcountry permit.
The company Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 by programmer Casey Fenton, who had found a cheap flight to Iceland, but no place to stay.
The number of their writers have had a great influence on the new parodic shows of Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert.
The French law was modified. His militancy dates back to the age of 15, when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory accommodations and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo and Los Patos only offer camping sites with no dining service.
Although authorities have doubts about the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportation Authority has closed them under pressure from the FBI.
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country, but the territory was occupied by Germany during both World Wars.
The boomerang throw is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
In 1957, Luxembourg became one of the founding members of the organisation now known as the European Union.
Since his arrival in the Catalan capital, Vidal has played 49 matches for the club.
With less paradoxical sleep per night, this state in which you enjoy a true restorative sleep becomes rare enough to become problematic.
The American plan relied on the launch of coordinated attacks from three different directions.
In this resonance, the magnetic field and radio waves cause the atoms to emit tiny radio signals.
He is assigned to the Seventh Fleet of the United States Navy and is based at Sasebo, Nagasaki, Japan.
A part of its charm lies in the absence of visible development of the businesses. Roads, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars from outside cannot access them.
However, reducing the threat level to a critical level does not mean that the global threat has disappeared.
The colony enters a nomadic phase when food is scarce. During this phase, the colony builds temporary nests that are changed every day.
It is a very complex entity which, according to a simplified Bohr model, consists of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat like the planets in orbit around the sun — cf. illustration 1.1.
The Serengeti region includes the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and the Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania, as well as the Masai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
People who have been involved for several decades have helped us understand our strengths and passions while honestly evaluating our difficulties and even our failures.
Breakfast may include seasonal delicacies from the region or the host's specialty dish.
The group's management company, HK Management Inc, did not give an initial reason for the cancellation on September 20, but invoked logistical reasons the following day.
It is to be hoped that most people will realize that their best long-term option is to work together.
This decision by the NBA comes after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the COVID-19 virus.
For a day hike on a relatively easy trail, a few preparations are sufficient, and anyone in relatively good health can enjoy it.
Nadia, born on 17 September 2007 by caesarean section in a maternity hospital in Aleisk, Russia, weighed a massive 17 pounds and 1 ounce.
A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam, around 10 am local time this morning.
If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to prepare a juice or mix some smoothies:
MySpace is the third most popular Internet site used in the United States and currently has 54 million profiles.
However, there are many ways to drink coffee around the world that are worth trying.
Among the possible long-term health problems caused by alcoholism, liver damage, blindness, and death can be cited. The potential danger is increased in the case of consumption of illegally manufactured alcohol.
Even if you think it's intuitive to join the airline you travel with the most, you should know that the privileges offered are often different and that the loyalty program can be more generous with another airline in the same alliance.
Fish often die due to high concentrations of toxins in the water.
The park office (MINAE) does not issue permits more than a month before the expected arrival.
Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system. It reflects about 90% of the sunlight that hits it.
The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings with the club, to complete the course wins.
In any case, you must book by direct telephone with the airline.
Typical of the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle.
Roberts categorically refused to clarify when he believed life begins after conception, an important question in the ethical debate over abortion, by saying that it would be unethical to express specific details that could be part of probable legal cases.
After the first military setbacks, Ethereld is said to have come to an agreement with Olaf, who had returned to Norway in an attempt to reconquer his kingdom, with mixed results.
The world has more than 5,000 different languages, with about twenty having 50 million speakers or more.
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
Then the whirling dervishes came on stage.
Fill your home with the intense aroma of a morning and evening coffee, and with that of a relaxing chamomile tea.
Travel agencies have existed since the 19th century. A travel agent is generally a good option for a journey that exceeds the traveler's previous experience in terms of nature, culture, language, or low-income country.
A tornado is a low-pressure air column whirlwind, the surrounding air is sucked in towards the inside and up.
At home, due to this constant exposure to local germs, the chances are very high that you are already immunized against them.
According to Lockwood Gardens tenants, there may be as many as 40 more families, or even more, facing eviction. They have learned that the Oakland Housing Authority police are also investigating other public housing in the city of Oakland, which may also be involved in housing scams.
Then, a few years later, in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus.
An immigration checkpoint is usually the first step when you disembark from an airplane, a boat, or another vehicle.
If most cards allow you to call anywhere, some are specialized in offering advantageous rates for specific groups of countries.
About three thousand years later, in 1610, the Italian astronomer Galileo used a telescope to observe that Venus had phases, just like the moon.
As the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, when the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge in contact with the ice also curves.
In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the chief engineer of the 10th Italian Army, General Lastucci.
Such successes have reduced fears of change, while inspiring positive trends towards future change.
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and a cousin of the Velociraptor.
The report showed that test scores had improved at an incredibly rapid rate, and implied that the school had detected these problems, without taking any measures.
It now functions like the central square, and there's always a lot going on, day and night.
These requirements aim to ensure an organized migration flow between the two countries.
Some scientists think that the triceratops ate cycads, a type of plant that was very common during the Cretaceous period.
For the time being, it is unclear what accusations will be brought or which lead led the authorities to the child, but a procedure for minors has been initiated before a federal court.
Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and has already held a "green card", the permanent resident card of the United States.
According to Ansa, "the police were worried about some clashes at the highest level which they feared might trigger a real succession war".
The Commissioner for Trade and Industry of the African Union, Albert Muchanga, announced the accession of Benin.
With the accordion, to produce more volume, operate the bellows by increasing the pressure or speed of the movements.
A triceratops dentition would have been capable of crushing not only leaves, but also very hard branches and roots.
Wednesday afternoon, the events in the reservoir were still fleeing, probably due to thermal expansion inside the reservoir.
Despite these accusations, Ma has won hands down on a platform advocating closer ties with the mainland China.
CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for $30, or $10 for a day pass; learn more on their Corcovado page.
Sikhs consider their faith to be a distinct religion from Hinduism, although they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
The Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq was set on fire during a riot.
Two beams of light were mounted to point towards the sky during the night.
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (speed) of the lens is generally lower.
It is interesting to note that he was not considered very important in antiquity and was not listed on most of the ancient lists of kings.
In reality, most boomerangs available in Australia do not return. It is advisable for beginners not to try to throw in the wind.
Hsieh also stated that the very photogenic Ma offered more style than real ideas.
The failure of the second clause, which proposes to ban civil unions between people of the same sex, could eventually open the door to civil unions in the future.
Already present in English and Japanese, the global organization launches programs in Spanish, Italian and Korean, for television, the web and mobile devices.
In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the national flower.
General John Cadwalader launches a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block any reinforcements.
Less than a thousand cases have been reported in humans, but some have been fatal.
However, Star Alliance covers all but the eastern South Pacific from Santiago, Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight.
Products can be purchased if needed, but most will have little or no real impact on the athlete's performance.
We often record music with sophisticated computers that allow us to transform and mix sounds together.
But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built?
The "Panama Papers" is a generic term for about 11.5 million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, which leaked into the press in the spring of 2016.
It has the same molecular structure, whether it is a gas, a liquid, or a solid.
When the capsule re-enters the Earth's atmosphere, around 5 a.m. (Eastern Time), it will offer a spectacular light show to the residents of Northern California, Oregon, Nevada and Utah.
There is an inherent charm in getting into one's own car and embarking on a long journey in its simplicity.
The prices of certain rocks, very rare on Earth, go up to $11,000 to $22,500 an ounce, roughly ten times the price of gold.
This is due to the fact that the electrical current flowing through the socket, where the metal part of the bulb is inserted, can cause severe electrical shocks if you come into contact with its interior or metal base while the bulb is still partially inserted into the socket.
After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining one of the most sensational attractions of Bhutan.
English: Dark energy is a completely invisible force that constantly acts on the universe.
The real goal is to give these companies more control over their markets; it's about making money.
The Mapuche were also one of the last indigenous American groups to be fully absorbed by the Spanish-speaking domination, only after Chile's independence.
Many dream of the day when we can travel to another star and explore other worlds. For some, it is to know what is out there, others believe that extraterrestrial beings or other forms of life could live on another planet.
Only animals have a brain (even if not all animals have one; for example, jellyfish do not have a brain).
Although understanding someone's history is not synonymous with understanding their culture, it helps people know at what level they are situated in the organization's history.
The old-fashioned layout, the lack of recent equipment, and a certain old-world charm are also part of their character.
The city is holy for the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam - and serves as a spiritual, religious and cultural center.
The maximum sustained wind speed of this storm, which is located about 3,000 miles (4,800 km) from Miami, Florida, reaches 64 km/h.
"She will fly over the north coast of California and light up the sky over Oregon, Nevada, Idaho and Utah," said Stardust project manager Tom Duxbury.
How could the gravity of Io affect me? If you were standing on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than on Earth.
Earlier in the day, Jarque was training at Coverciano (Italy) for pre-season. He had checked into the team hotel before Sunday's match against Bologna.
According to witnesses, at 1:15 a.m. on Saturday, the bus was crossing a green line when the car turned back in front of it.
English: Robert Hooke, an English biologist, saw small squares in cork with a microscope.
Mr. Pittman indicated that conditions would not improve until next week.
As they waited under a heat of 32 ° C, passengers were offered bottles of water.
The hotel's clients were mainly from the United Arab Emirates.
The South Pole Road is a 1,000-mile (1,600 km) road between McMurdo Station, on the coast of Ross Sea, and the South Pole.
Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens. However, other scenes such as a flock of birds or a tiny creature require the use of other lenses.
Vidal, 28, had joined Barça three seasons ago, coming from Seville.
If you want to see the world on a low budget, by necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are a few ways to do it.
The variants of French spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, although they are sufficiently similar to be mutually intelligible.
English: A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living organism.
The vote must still be ratified by the entire IOC at its October meeting in Copenhagen.
As the storm is far from the coast, it remains difficult to assess its potential impact on the United States or the Caribbean.
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the accession process to ACTA.
Prescription glasses can be cheaper abroad, especially in low-income countries where labor costs are lower.
Certain studies suggest that the disease must become less deadly before it can cause a global pandemic, he noted.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses so that distant objects appear both larger and closer.
This prison has become notoriously famous after mistreatment of prisoners was found after its takeover by American forces.
French: Les sous-marins sont des navires conçus pour voyager sous l'eau et y rester pendant une longue période.
The religion was founded in the 15th century by the guru Nanak (1469-1539). Nine other gurus succeeded him.
Since calls are routed over the Internet, you don't need to use a local telephone company where you live or travel.
The White Sea Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mainly passing through rivers and lakes.
Volunteering abroad is an excellent way to make a difference, but it's not just about giving.
