It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to assist inexperienced or motor-impaired people.
How could the gravity of Io affect me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than on Earth.
After mastering formatting and online revision, you can create your own website.
Hindi and Urdu have a similar vocabulary but a different script; in everyday conversation, speakers of the two languages can generally understand each other.
For most countries, you will need a letter of acceptance from the institution in which you wish to study, as well as proof of sufficient funds to cover your living expenses for at least the first year of your program.
It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel built the fortress to commemorate his victory over the Tibetan-Mongol forces.
About three thousand years later, in 1610, the Italian astronomer Galileo used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just like the moon.
system
You are a helpful AI assistant for translations

user
French: Certains universitaires soutiennent néanmoins qu'étant donné que cette civilisation était également présente dans les bassins du fleuve Sarasvati aujourd'hui asséché, elle devrait justement être appelée la civilisation de l'Indus-Sarasvati, alors que certains la nomment civilisation Harappan d'après Harappa, le premier de ses sites à avoir été mis au jour, dans les années 1920. = English:
The little breakfast can include seasonal delights from the region or the host's specialty dish.
The main assault force, composed of 2,400 men, forded the river nine miles north of Trenton, then split into two groups, one under Greene and the other under Sullivan, to launch an attack before dawn.
One day, perhaps, your great-great-grandchildren will find themselves on an extraterrestrial world, pondering their distant ancestors.
When you're on vacation, you have the time to pamper yourself and take a few extra minutes to prepare something special.
The surface area of Turkey, including lakes, is 783,562 square kilometres, of which 755,688 square kilometres is in Southwestern Asia and 23,764 square kilometres is in Europe.
According to the International Seismological Centre's data, no earthquake has occurred in Iceland during the past week.
Stone paths are laid along most of the path, and steel cables offer a supporting ramp in the steepest sections.
The Virgin Group of Sir Richard Branson had its bid for the bank rejected before nationalisation.
When it became apparent that several families were seeking legal aid to fight evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for victims of housing scams.
In sleeper trains that run at night, passports can be collected by the train conductor so as not to disturb your sleep.
These plateaus are often called "vidde", to designate a vast space without a tree, an extent without limits.
He is assigned to the Seventh Fleet of the United States Navy and is based at Sasebo, Nagasaki, Japan.
In the high-end, guest rooms compete primarily on two points: the bedding and the breakfast.
The best way to see the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is by boat, as Charles Darwin did in 1835.
The red tide is caused by an abnormally high concentration of Karenia brevis, a natural marine unicellular organism.
The Commissioner for Trade and Industry of the African Union, Albert Muchanga, announced the accession of Benin.
He recently lost a match against Raonic during the Brisbane Open.
In the study of living things, cells are so essential that they are often considered the fundamentals of life.
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and fissures close.
The indigenous inhabitants of Greenland are called Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), Greenlanders, in Greenland.
The hangi is often used to prepare a traditional dinner of the type roast.
It now functions as the central place, and there is always a lot going on, day and night.
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 matches.
The tourist season of mountain resorts generally peaks during the Indian summer.
However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago, Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight.
Illicit spirits can contain various dangerous impurities, including methanol, which can cause blindness or death, even in small doses.
A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam, around 10 am local time this morning.
They resembled pieces. He was the first to observe dead cells.
They were followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Fred currently has winds of 165 km/h (105 mph) and is heading northwest.
Setting up a tent on a private property or in a city, regardless of its size, can easily draw attention.
Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping sites with no dining service.
If you want to learn how to throw a boomerang that returns directly to your hand, then make sure you have a boomerang designed to return.
Sanskrit is an ancient language, comparable to Latin as spoken in Europe.
The "typical" visit consists of flying to Orlando International Airport, taking a bus to a Disney hotel on site, staying there for about a week without leaving the Disney installations and returning home.
Mr Costello said that while nuclear power becomes economically viable, Australia has every interest in pursuing its use.
Jonny Reid, the New Zealand A1GP team's co-driver, has entered history today by legally crossing the Auckland Harbour Bridge, which is 48 years old.
Helicopters rescued the 12 crew members and the only injury reported was a broken nose.
The news spread through the Red Lake community today, as the funerals of Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims took place, that another student in connection with the March 21 shooting at the school was arrested.
Each minute spent imprisoned on roller coasters must be at least unpleasant, and it took at least an hour to extract the first person from the ride.
The park office (MINAE) does not issue permits more than a month before the expected arrival.
In addition, in warmer climates, bacteria grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
At its peak, the tropical cyclone Gonu, whose name means "palm leaf basket" in the Maldivian language, spawned sustained winds reaching 240 kilometres per hour (149 miles per hour).
Since his arrival in the Catalan capital, Vidal has played 49 matches for the club.
Check that your hand is as relaxed as possible when playing each note correctly. Also try not to make unnecessary movements with your fingers.
At the edge of the glaciers, immense blocks detach, fall, and may rebound or roll away from the edge.
During his two-hour speech, he asserted that "Today, Apple reinvents the telephone; we are going to enter history today."
The submarines are ships designed to travel underwater and stay there for a long period.
We find animals everywhere on Earth. They dig the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
The organizers of the demonstration claimed that around 100,000 people showed up in several German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
By listening to individuals tell their personal, family, and organizational histories, we were able to obtain valuable information about the past and about some of the personalities that have positively or negatively influenced the culture of the organization.
If it's forbidden to take a simple photo of something, then you shouldn't even think about recording a video of it.
Stardust will set a new historic record for the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, beating the previous record set in May 1969 when the Apollo X command module returned.
The commissioner said: "We have not yet agreed on the basic rules, nor on the tariff concessions, but the envisaged prospect is sufficient to start trade by July 1, 2020."
Since then, the Brazilian has played 53 matches for the club in all competitions combined and scored 24 goals.
Many seasoned and competent travelers have been caught out by the novelty of travel in developing countries, where many small cultural adjustments can quickly accumulate.
These comments, live on television, were the first time that high-level Iranian sources have admitted that sanctions had any effect.
General James Ewing will ferry 700 militiamen across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over Assunpink Creek, and prevent the enemy troops from escaping.
Tourists can visit different sites in a given country or choose to focus on a single region.
Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system. It reflects about 90% of the sunlight that hits it.
Each train is equipped with Metro and MetroPlus cars; the MetroPlus cars are always at the end of the train closest to the Cap.
In Malaysia, at least in rural Malay areas, it means "come here", like the gesture of bringing the index finger towards oneself, used in some Western countries, and it should only be used in that sense.
China's GDP could surpass that of the United States over the next two decades.
Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of cult and belief of a religious character by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly in the case of a peaceful, intuitive, happy, or even ecstatic personality.
An infectious disease is one caused by a pathogenic agent, such as a virus, bacteria, fungus or other parasites.
Charles was the first member of the British royal family to obtain a license.
The commissioner fixes the bail, if granted, and formalises the charges laid by the officer who made the arrest. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is being followed.
It would seem that it's a way of making people think they have to pay more.
His second goal of the evening was his 60th of the season, making him the first player to score 60 goals or more in a season since the 1995-96 season, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that figure.
At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
The trial took place at the Crown Court in Birmingham and ended on 3 August.
The JAS 39C Gripen crashed on a runway around 9:30 local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, causing the airport to be closed to commercial flights.
It has the same molecular structure, whether it is a gas, a liquid, or a solid.
The "Panama Papers" is a generic term designating about ten million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, and which leaked into the press in the spring of 2016.
Turkey is surrounded by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south.
These websites have generated a lot of interest, especially the educational aspect.
Above all, at the beginning, think of doing crazy things in hotels, food, and services of Western style and quality to help you acclimate.
It would be judged differently if he had lost the keys to his car, and if it were his own car that he was trying to force.
Convergent thinking schemes are problem-solving techniques that combine different ideas or domains to find a solution.
Only the effects of the catastrophe, and not depression and fear, were conditioned by regular and structured weekly sessions of AP.
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Christopher Garcia, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesperson, said the male suspect was being investigated for burglary rather than vandalism.
On the one hand, the northern part of New Mexico has a significant drunk driving problem, and the concentration of drunk drivers is high near small town bars.
Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hot pools, while other hot pools can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
It is the largest acquisition in eBay's history.
Translation engines have greatly improved, and now often give fairly correct translations (and less often gibberish), but you have to be careful, as they may still be entirely wrong.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, a two-time Olympic gold medalist, has died at the age of 54.
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (speed) is generally lower.
Some of the apps in this category can even translate foreign language texts inscribed on signs or other everyday objects when the user points their smartphone at them.
When all the individuals of a population are identical in regard to a particular phenotypic trait, they are said to be monomorphic.
This sport is practiced mainly in a duel format, a fencer fighting against another.
The company Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 by programmer Casey Fenton, who had found a cheap flight to Iceland, but no place to stay.
The half-mile is a relatively inexpensive sport. The idea that it would require basic equipment is also as false as most of the myths surrounding this sport.
The 100-metre vessel was on its way to collect its usual cargo of fertiliser, and authorities initially feared it would spill its fuel into the sea.
The historian Strabo mentioned this name later and it is thus that it has come down to us. The temple was destroyed the same night that saw the birth of Alexander the Great.
However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe at the end of the 16th century.
According to the main researchers, this could enable early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria in patients from low-income countries, where the survival rate for diseases such as breast cancer is two times lower than in rich countries.
In short, the Renaissance was the origin of a major change in the way of looking at learning and the dissemination of knowledge.
Fred is the most violent tropical cyclone ever recorded in the South and East Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane recorded east of 35°W.
Virgin has only bought the "healthy bank" of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
The festivities began with a special show by the world-renowned Cirque du Soleil group.
In fact, regional codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disc works very well on any device where the original can be played.
In the morning the winds were blowing at about 83 km/h, and they should continue to weaken.
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
If you get hurt trying to help, you'll only make things worse.
The plane was heading for Irkutsk and was being flown by domestic troops.
If you live in a city where drinking culture is diverse, go to the bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent.
Avian influenza, or more formally avian flu, can infect both birds and mammals.
During the warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his motorcycle, then was struck by his fellow competitor Xavier Zayat.
Personal VPN (Virtual Private Network) providers are an excellent way to circumvent both political censorship and commercial IP geo-filtering.
However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many ancient tombs have been looted, this tomb remained almost intact.
Unattended bags are a target for theft and may also attract the attention of authorities who are suspicious of bomb threats.
There is no airline alliance covering the three-ocean junctions of the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam does not cover any of them).
Such successes have reduced fears of change, while stimulating positive trends towards future change.
Once the agent arrived on the scene, the apartment exploded.
This contradicts previous reports, according to which the cancellation of the runoff would have been unconstitutional.
The sign was not damaged; the modification was made with black tarps decorated with the peace symbol and the heart symbol to change the "O" to a lowercase "e".
"One of the windows finally broke, and they started coming out through the window," said Franciszek Kowal, a survivor.
In winter, enjoy some of North America's best ski trails, and in summer, taste authentic mountain biking.
In the 1960s, he returned to Algeria, which had recently gained independence, to teach film-making.
"For as far as we know, there is only one planetary body that shows more dynamism than Titan, and that is Earth," added Stofan.
This flight is not the only option if you want to avoid the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
The British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank controlled around a third of the 1200 shell companies used for this purpose.
It must therefore be ensured that the image covers the entire screen. This is what is called overscan.
Of course, a fine middle-distance runner, a man capable of breaking a two-minute record must possess a good burst of speed, but above all a perfectly cultivated endurance.
After the race, Keselowski remained atop the driver's championship standings with 2,250 points.
The invention of the wheel has made the Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
The TDA affects relationships with other children, who cannot understand why the afflicted act in such a manner, why they speak as they do, or why their level of maturity is different.
Scientists are working on the creation of a reactor that can produce energy in the same way.
For this, they had to get rid of the British bases and ships in Egypt. Apart from these actions, the Italian dreadnoughts were not supposed to do anything else.
These demonstrations typically last between three and six months and take place on sites of at least 50 hectares.
The research had been hindered by the same bad weather that had caused the failed landing.
Maroochydoore then beat Caboolture in the preliminary final.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth and Harvick complete the top ten in the driver's championship at four races to the end of the season.
The bones of a two- to three-million-year-old fossil hand reveal the mutation that the hand function underwent as it passed from locomotion to manipulation.
The Luno had 120–160 m³ of fuel on board when it broke down, while violent winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
This authentic community is located in Howe Sound, just next to Vancouver, and is easily accessible by regular ferries from Granville Island in downtown Vancouver.
The city is located just next to the falls, which is the main attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and tourists numerous possibilities for a longer stay.
Fundamentally, you'll post ads to offer your services, walk the docks, approach people cleaning their yachts, try to make friends with sailors at the bar, etc.
Even if you drive in the tropical forest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get into the vehicle is enough for the mosquitoes to get into the vehicle with you.
In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first whole-body MRI scanner, which he called the "Indomitable".
The Hangeul is the only alphabet invented specifically to be used in everyday life. The alphabet was invented in 1444 under the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
In many countries with such a law, local hotels will take care of the registration (don't forget to ask).
If you are traveling for the first time to a developing country or to a region of the world you are not familiar with, don't take the possible cultural shock lightly.
More than 60 cruise ships sail the waters of the Galapagos, ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
The colony enters a nomadic phase when food is scarce. During this phase, the colony builds temporary nests that are changed every day.
The idea was that all European nations prevent one nation from becoming powerful, that's why national governments often changed alliances to maintain the balance.
First, the switch of the lighting device must be turned off or the cable disconnected.
You would tire less of it that way. Don't forget that it's not necessary to press the keys too hard for them to sound louder. It's the case on the piano.
The oldest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of the Upanishads, Sanskrit simply faded away due to the hierarchy.
Alexander, as king, offered to pay for the rebuilding of the temple, but his offer was declined. Later, after the death of Alexander, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BC.
The lenses of the zoom lens present a disadvantage. In fact, the complexity of the focal length and the number of lenses required to obtain a range of focal lengths are largely greater than those of fixed lenses.
Then, a few years later, in 1639, an English astronomer by the name of Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus.
This marked a significant change, as European powers could no longer use the pretext of religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years War would be the last war to be qualified as a religious war.
The following image shows atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality, photons are much smaller than those depicted in the image.
The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the station's space mission, until the end of the spacewalk.
And then back to the north by the west, crossing the Mara River once again after the rains around April.
The outer part that we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light".
The head-to-head score of Nadal against the Canadian is 7-2.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity have been reported at the base of the mountain.
As the base of the blade is slightly curved, when the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge in contact with the ice also curves.
Meanwhile, Dr Lee expressed concern over reports of Turkish children who had been infected with the H5N1 avian flu virus without falling ill.
These guidelines are based on the principle that travelers do not steal, do not enter a public place, do not participate in illegal trade, do not beg, or exploit other people for their own benefit.
John Grant, of WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's broadcasting station), said: "Reading Rainbow taught children why to read [...] gave them a love of reading — [the show] encouraged children to take a book and read."
The Temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BC, in a deliberate arson attack by Herostratus.
Low temperatures may be the only real danger that those who are not prepared will face.
The German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very skilled in navigation and handling of their submarines.
After the fire, the fortress has been preserved and protected, remaining one of the most sensational attractions of Bhutan.
One of the most common problems encountered during the conversion of a film to DVD format is the skipping.
In 1995, he was elected the best player in the history of Partizan.
The fawns are not of an aggressive nature, but will defend themselves if they feel threatened.
Beaches, theme parks, and campgrounds are often the most frequented places by leisure tourists.
Unlike large vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limits.
Tourism plays an important role in the economy of San Francisco due to its international reputation, but in reality, its economic activities are diversified.
International horticultural exhibitions are specialized events that present floral displays, botanical gardens, and everything related to plants.
This artistic event also fits into the framework of a campaign by the Bucharest city hall to boost the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colorful metropolis.
They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: they redirect all online traffic, not just HTTP.
In addition, according to the Icelandic Met Office, the Hekla region has not experienced an earthquake in the past 48 hours.
Mysticism is the search for communion, the link with a deity or god. It is the full consciousness of a spiritual truth.
They regale each other with stories of their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local slang.
Arias has tested positive for a mild case of the virus, said presidential minister Rodrigo Arias.
Visitors with limited time would be better off spending it elsewhere.
They called themselves the Moriori, and after some skirmishes, the Moriori were eventually eliminated.
Your hotel, guest house or private residence will probably offer a Wi-Fi connection or a computer connected to the Internet, while all places have a cybercafe or a place equipped with a public Wi-Fi connection.
It is an archipelago of 15 islands spread over 2.2 million square kilometers of ocean.
In third place, Hamlin is 20 points back, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
One of Charlotte's strong points in North Carolina is the abundance of high-quality services for families.
He joined it in 1945 and remained until 1958.
This point is illustrated by our current experience with all the TV informational broadcasts on do-it-yourself and learning.
The city will be the first in Southeast Europe to host, between June and August this year, the CowParade, the largest public artistic event in the world.
Although authorities have doubts as to the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportation Authority has closed the tunnels under pressure from the FBI.
Architecture refers to the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a site is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
When the low tide had carved out a gap along the Mystic River in the northeast of the peninsula, we quickly enlarged the barrier by a stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach.
Those can be dangerous if the traveler pursues the mirage, wasting precious energy and the remaining water.
Animals are made up of many cells. They eat all sorts of things and digest them naturally. Most animals can move.
In federal countries such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied at both the federal and local levels, so that tax rates and brackets may vary from one region to another.
system
You are a helpful AI assistant for translations

user
French: Depuis son lancement, The Onion est devenu un véritable empire de la parodie de l'actualité, avec une édition imprimée, un site web qui a attiré 5 000 000 de visiteurs spécifiques au mois d'octobre, des annonces personnelles, un réseau d'information 24 heures sur 24, des podcasts et un atlas mondial récemment lancé sous le nom de « Our Dumb World ».
A power outage caused by a routine test of the fire suppression system opened the relief valves and led to an oil spill near Pump Station 9 at Fort Greely.
The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos, were imprisoned in the Korydallus prison in Athens after being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
If the purpose of a visit to a particular place is to learn about its history and culture, this type of tourism is then called cultural tourism.
If you use a drone, check beforehand what you are allowed to film and what additional permits or licenses are required.
If you travel with a laptop or tablet, keep a copy in its memory or disk (accessible offline).
However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the probable invasion routes as Admirals feared being sunk by a German air attack.
Most televisions are made to please the general public.
Nigeria had previously announced its intention to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, although most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as such.
The ocular anatomies vary. They are classified by order of complexity according to the organism's requirements.
In 1951, a fire left only a few relics of the Drukgyal Dzong, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
It is interesting to note that he was not considered very important in antiquity and was not listed on most ancient lists of kings.
Often, you have to buy an international number that allows RCTP calls. Where your phone number is located is crucial for people calling you.
For the details of the conditions, see with the establishment as well as the immigration service of the country in which you wish to study.
The main organ of the cardiovascular system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the natives; that's why they invented the Estonian literary language.
A triceratops could have used its powerful beak to remove leaves before eating the trunk.
Time is something that surrounds us and affects everything we do, and yet it is difficult to understand.
Although they are most often private, some occasionally host heads of state or other dignitaries.
These last are not very agile, so the track must make a long sweep around the Transantarctic Mountains to reach the plateau.
Alexei Leonov, also known as "Cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the original team of Soviet cosmonauts.
Some hotels have preserved their heritage dating back to the golden age of steam trains and transatlantic liners of the 19th and early 20th centuries, before the Second World War.
The steel needle remains submerged due to the surface tension.
Although they could theoretically occur every year (provided that it is in different countries), in practice, this is not the case.
These sites have beneficial sides, including the ability to easily set up types of pages that include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
The first economic reforms were implemented under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
The most common type of tourism is perhaps the one that most people associate with travel: Recreational tourism.
This page is easily accessible from a single web address, making it easy to remember and write for students who do not know how to use a keyboard and who have spelling problems.
Many buildings are quite pleasant to look at, and the view offered by large buildings or well-placed windows can be a breathtaking sight.
The prices of certain rocks, very rare on Earth, go up to $11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, or about ten times the price of gold.
Ensure that the agent through which you book is a Galapagos specialist with a solid knowledge of a wide variety of boats.
San Francisco is also one of the best destinations in the country to discover Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese.
What is a cell? The word "cell" comes from the Latin word "cella", which means "small room", and was invented by a microscopist who observed the structure of wood.
The South Pole Road is a 1,000-mile (1,600 km) route between the McMurdo Station, on the coast of the Ross Sea, and the South Pole.
The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or the natural geothermal heat warms certain areas of the ground.
The surveillance and information gathering by David Headley facilitated the operation carried out by the ten armed men of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Hominids no longer use their hands to walk, carry heavy loads or swing from branch to branch like other primates.
In April of this year, a temporary blocking order was issued by Judge Glynn against the establishment to require the release of persons detained for more than 24 hours after their admission and not heard by a court commissioner.
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney won the Republican presidential primary election in Florida on Tuesday with more than 46 percent of the vote.
Only animals have a brain (even if not all animals have one; for example, jellyfish do not have a brain).
Many of us find ourselves therefore watching a TV show that shows us a process or an experience to which we will never participate nor put our knowledge into practice.
Certain cameras of medium format use a 6x6 cm format, more precisely a negative of 56x56 mm.
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
"Despite the fever and sore throat, I feel well enough to continue performing my duties through telecommuting."
It's something you should always keep in mind to avoid any disappointment or perhaps even any aversion to local behavior.
You must carefully choose your airline Frequent Flyer within the framework of an alliance.
MetroRail offers two classes on commuter trains in Cape Town and its surroundings: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
Allen, one of the richest people in the world, has apparently invested a large portion of his fortune in underwater exploration, and has begun his quest to find the Musashi, due to his lifelong passion for war.
Each corner shop is filled with a bewildering array of prepaid phone cards that can be used from payphones or ordinary phones.
Before the Daily Show and the Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson conceived a publication that would parody the news — and the reporting — when they were students at the University of Washington in 1988.
These requirements aim to ensure an organized migration flow between the two countries.
Northern Rock had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the British government.
Access to these services is often made through a free phone number that can be called without charge from almost all phones.
In his notes, he used words that some parents consider to be profane, and he would have used profanity in class.
As the storm is far from reaching the coast, it remains difficult to assess its potential impact on the United States or the Caribbean.
When the capsule re-enters the Earth's atmosphere, around 5 a.m. (Eastern Time), it will offer a spectacular light show to residents of Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah.
There is a surcharge for having more than two passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary.
With the transition from the 400 meters to the 800 meters, speed becomes much less important and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
This has allowed zooms to produce images of a quality comparable to that obtained by fixed focal length lenses.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights, and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
The former conservative Australian government refused to ratify Kyoto, arguing that it would harm the economy due to its strong dependence on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not constrained by emissions targets.
They are distinct from vehicular languages, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as a means of communication between speakers of other languages.
Estimates vary from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and up to 800 million people may understand the language.
The light bulb must then be replaced. One must be careful when changing the light bulb.
Cuban citizens holding a U.S. Green Card must go to an Ecuadorian consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
The use of the Internet allows apprentices to access information as often as they wish.
Jesus, 21, joined Manchester City last January 2017, from Brazilian club Palmeiras, for a reported £27 million.
The documents show that 14 banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
For the first time last year, China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the largest market for this industry.
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services as envisaged under Article 247 of the Constitution of Pakistan.
The troops reinforcing the advanced positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire Regiments of 200 men, under the command of Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both of whom would later become generals).
Those who participate in regular activity need more support in terms of negative perception of pain, distinguishing between chronic pain and the sensation of discomfort and normal physical movement.
Robert Hooke, an English biologist, saw small squares in wood with a microscope.
To camp below the rim of the Grand Canyon, you need a backcountry permit.
Fish often die due to high concentrations of toxins in the water.
Although this activity is very common, it is forbidden by Disney: tickets are not transferable.
Shoes with adequate soles are the minimum. Summer shoes often slip on ice and snow, even some winter models do not deviate from this.
According to Ansa, "the police were worried about some clashes at the highest level which they feared would trigger a real succession war."
The protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures for their petition to present to the National Congress in November.
The ACMA also concluded that, even if the video was streamed continuously on the internet, Big Brother had not breached the legislation on online content censorship, as the multimedia content had not been stored on the Big Brother site.
In general, they can be classified into two categories: either you work during your trip, or you try to limit your expenses. This article is mainly about the latter category.
Then the whirling dervishes came on stage.
The traditional medieval castle has long stimulated the imagination, evoking images of jousts, banquets, and Arthurian chivalry.
Earlier in the day, Jarque was engaged in preseason training at Coverciano (Italy). He went down to the team hotel before the Sunday match against Bologna.
By chance, nothing happened to me, but I witnessed a gruesome scene, where people were trying to break windows to get out.
About ten minutes before he had to land, he vanished during his second approach attempt.
The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer present, but have been transferred to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
Sometimes the trigger element is solar heating of the snow, sometimes it's just more snow, and other times it's natural events or human activity.
We live time as a series of events that pass from the future to the past through the present.
In tradition, the heir to the throne did his military service after finishing his studies.
The traveler who has considerable sums at his disposal may consider a round-the-world trip by air, broken up by stays in a number of these hotels.
The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti.
According to witnesses, at 1:15 a.m. Saturday, the bus was crossing a white line when the car turned back in front of it.
In addition to the devastating ice, extreme weather conditions have hindered rescue efforts.
However, a source familiar with the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was 16-year-old Louis Jourdain, the son of Red Lake Chippewa Tribe leader Floyd Jourdain.
Student visa application procedures and requirements are generally different from those of standard tourist or business visas.
According to meteorologists, it is likely that the storm, located about 645 miles (1,040 km) west of Cape Verde, will dissipate before threatening any coastline.
There are many theories as to how Sanskrit came into being. One of them concerns an Aryan migration from the west to India which came with its language.
In addition, the Chief Justice, Evangelos Kalousis, was imprisoned after being found guilty of corruption and embezzlement.
If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made up of small squares or spheres.
In general, families do not use taxis in Charlotte, although they may be useful in certain circumstances.
The real goal is to give these companies more control over their markets; it's about making money.
As a state where the winner takes all, Florida awarded Romney its 50 delegates, pushing him to the front of the pack for the Republican nomination.
"He continued saying, 'This is a serious matter. Be certain that our system is functioning as well as it should.'"
However, their beauty and charm evolve in winter, with many mountain stations well supplied with good quantities of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
Some, including John Grant, think that the lack of funding and the change in philosophy of the educational television programs contributed to the end of the series.
A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle not yet having been invented, the Assyrian cavalry fought by mounting bareback.
The attack has put the relationship between India and Pakistan to a severe test.
The governor also declared: "Today, we have learned that some school-age children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
A person weighing 200 pounds (90 kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16 kg) on Io. So, of course, gravity pulls you less.
A hospitality exchange network is the organization that puts travelers in touch with the residents of the cities they are going to visit.
This means that we are able to anticipate, and not without success, the perceptions, intentions, beliefs, knowledge, and desires of other human beings.
Apple's CEO, Steve Jobs, unveiled the device by pulling the iPhone out of his jeans pocket while he was on stage.
Over the past three months, more than 80 people who had been arrested have been released from the central holding cell without being formally charged.
Take a look at the trips that the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a storefront.
Today's announcement also extends the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund additional cars.
After gaining independence, Singapore acquired expertise in the field of botanical gardens. The island state then transformed itself into a tropical garden city.
The surface tension is created because the magnetism between the water molecules at the surface is so much stronger than with the air molecules above them.
The husband, aged 30 and from Buffalo, was one of the four victims of the shooting, but his wife was not injured.
No one was inside the apartment.
After the match, the king of the hard court declared: "I am simply thrilled to be back for the finals of the biggest events. I am here to try and win."
The Cook Islands are a self-governing state in free association with New Zealand, situated in the South Pacific Ocean, about a third of the way to the American Samoa at their closest point.
The Serengeti region includes the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and the Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania, as well as the Masai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
As they waited in 32 ° C heat, passengers were offered bottles of water.
In addition to being an Olympic Champion and a World Champion, Saito was the President of the Japanese Judo Federation at the time of his death.
The Onega Lake is also connected to the Volga, so it is still possible to come from the Caspian Sea through Russia.
Accompanied by these authorities, he assured the citizens of Texas that measures were being taken to protect public safety.
He sent an email to the local university students and received an impressive number of free accommodation offers.
Tourist visits are expensive, require good physical condition, can only take place in summer (from November to February) and are largely limited to the peninsula, the islands, and the Ross Sea.
In London, around 200 people protested outside the offices of some major copyright holders.
The case was tried in Virginia since that is the domicile of Internet access provider AOL, the company originally making the accusations.
"Based on this fossil, we infer that the separation took place well before what was expected from molecular evidence."
It was based on the German alphabet and a character 'Õ/õ' was added.
As a result, it is possible to find extremely luxurious bedding in the best establishments of this category, such as a handmade duvet or an old bed.
The group cancelled the show at the Maui War Memorial Stadium, which was to hold 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
Don't sleep on a mattress or on a cushion on the ground in areas where you are not familiar with the local wildlife.
The simplest way to get started with writing travel articles is to hone your skills on an established travel blog.
The main sectors of employment are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism.
Drink alcoholic beverages in moderation. Alcohol has different effects on each person, and it is very important to know your limits.
At Whitehall, shortly after 11:00 am, protesters blocked vehicle traffic heading north.
In general, to stay in a foreign country for a long period, you must obtain a visa beforehand.
Outside of the white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country hosts the oldest European city in the Americas, which are now part of the Dominican Republic.
This may require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
It was a few weeks ago, after the information published by journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular TV show "Zoungla" on Alpha TV, that the lawyer and member of parliament, Petros Mantouvalos, was removed from his position due to the involvement of members of his office in corruption and bribery affairs.
At least 100 people had attended the party to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
Visits are cheaper for large groups, so if you are alone or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six people to get a better price per person.
In 1970, Raymond Damadian, a physician and researcher in science, discovered the principles that allow the use of magnetic resonance imaging as a medical diagnostic tool.
Several thousand employees live here in the summer in some forty bases, mainly in these regions; a small number of them stay in the winter.
If you do not need a visa for short stays in some countries as a tourist or for business travel, going there as a foreign student usually requires a longer stay than that of a simple tourist.
Asynchronous communication allows for more time to reflect and react to others.
As chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations, which is a subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Mr. Stearns is seeking to know if taxes are being used to fund abortions through family planning.
These bosses had been repressed by Provenzano when he put an end to the war waged by Riina against the state and which had cost the lives of anti-mafia judges Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992.
Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to spend the night at the Sirena.
The number of native languages depends on whether very close dialects are taken into account.
The hand of man is shorter than his foot, with stiffer phalanges.
But is our imagination based on reality? Why did we build castles in the first place? How were they conceived and built?
As mentioned above, although the word "Eskimo" is still acceptable in the United States, it is considered derogatory by many Arctic peoples, especially in Canada.
Captain Scott Kouns of the fire department said, "It was a hot day in Santa Clara County with temperatures exceeding 90 degrees Fahrenheit."
Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of the day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting for the next in-person meeting.
On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the governor general of Libya and a potential successor to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing at Tobruk.
Many governments require visitors entering their country or residents leaving it to be vaccinated against a range of diseases.
In other cases, only people residing outside tourist accommodations must register. However, the law is much more obscure, so it is advisable to inquire beforehand.
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the north-western Indian subcontinent, spanning much of modern-day Pakistan, and parts of north-western India and eastern Afghanistan.
The coffee is one of the most sold merchandise in the world, and you can probably find many types in your area of origin.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can paralyze nerves in humans and fish.
Registration is an additional requirement for the visa procedure. In some countries, you must register and indicate the address of your place of stay with the local authorities.
Greed and selfishness will always be part of us. It is natural in a cooperative relationship to gain more and quickly, acting with selfishness, when the majority is favored.
The Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq was set on fire during a riot.
The number of their writers have had a great influence on the new parodic shows of Jon Steward and Stephen Colbert.
The cause of death was announced as being an intrahepatic choledochal cancer.
The authorities have declared that an official anniversary ceremony had been planned for a later date.
The American plan relied on the launch of coordinated attacks from three different directions.
It can generally be replenished fairly easily in case of exhaustion and offers a resolution roughly comparable to that of a current reflex digital camera.
According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
This state of mind relies on speed, logic, and accuracy, but also on the identification of facts, the mobilization of pre-existing techniques, and the search for information.
The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, but for it to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
A former student claimed he "used slang in class, taught pickup techniques in writing assignments, and acted like the students' buddy."
The use of GPS navigation applications on your smartphone can be the simplest and most practical way for your movements outside your country of residence.
Of approximately 24,000 meteorites recorded to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have a demonstrated Martian origin.
The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and the Caribs. The latter people spoke Arawakan; they would have arrived about ten thousand years ago.
The Canal Quarter (Grachtengordel in Dutch) is the famous 17th-century quarter that surrounds the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
This theory challenges the assertion that the Moon would have absolutely no geological activity.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian slaughterhouses.
Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces onto the rugged and steep landscape up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
Thanks to subsea fibre-optic cable connections to Europe and satellite broadband connections, Greenland is well connected and 93% of the population has access to the Internet.
The religion was founded in the 15th century by the guru Nanak (1469-1539). Nine other gurus succeeded him.
The participating countries organize artistic and educational exhibitions in their national pavilions to highlight global issues or the culture and history of their country.
Real-time translation apps are apps capable of automatically translating entire segments of text from one language to another.
The problem is that the snow sticks, so if it collapses, it's that there was a trigger element. But a slight collapse of the snow can be the trigger for everything else.
Written words are also often easier to understand than spoken words. This is particularly true for addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce in a way that is easily understood.
The Mapuches were also one of the last indigenous American groups to be independent, who were not entirely absorbed by the Spanish domination until the independence of Chile.
Yesterday, the post office apologized to citizens and the media after discovering that the young boy had hidden more than 600 letters, including 429 New Year's cards that were never delivered to their recipient.
Despite his comments, he declared that he would support the British Olympic competitors at the 2012 Olympics to be held in London.
Chiao and Shaipov declared to have observed a safety distance from the attitude control thrusters.
Some scientists think that the Triceratops ate cycads, a type of plant that was very common during the Cretaceous period.
The Sun does not have a crust like the Earth on which one can stand upright. The entire Sun is made of gas, fire, and plasma.
These nerve impulses can be sent very quickly throughout the body, which helps to protect it against any potential threat.
Fill your home with the aroma of a strong coffee in the morning and a soothing chamomile tea in the evening.
Although in the end Khrushchev sent tanks to restore order, he gave in to certain economic demands and agreed to name the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister.
The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society.
CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of $30, or $10 for a day pass; learn more on their Corcovado page.
Income tax is structured differently in various countries, and tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another.
The study revealed that depression, fear and catastrophizing were the causes of the relationship between pain and disability in people suffering from lower back pain.
Over the past 20 years, the number of child-friendly options in the Charlotte business district has grown exponentially.
According to Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias), between 1492 and 1498, the Spanish conquistadors would have killed about 100,000 Taínos.
Supermarkets increasingly offer a wider range of prepared dishes. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to reheat food.
The Cyclone Felicia, after reaching level 4 on the Saffir-Simpson scale, transformed into a tropical depression before dissipating on Tuesday.
Union Garden. This space was built as the atrium of a 17th-century convent, of which the Temple of San Diego is the sole surviving building.
Originally, he gave the name of Hunmin Jeongeum to the Hangeul alphabet, which means "Correct sounds to instruct the people".
The problem started on January 1 when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year's cards.
They include financial restrictions and an EU ban on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign revenues.
The White Sea Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga, and Saint Petersburg, passing mainly through rivers and lakes.
Phases occur because only the side of Venus (or the Moon) facing the Sun is illuminated. The phases of Venus justified Copernic's theory that planets turn around the Sun.
A triceratops dentition would have been capable of crushing not only leaves, but also branches and very hard roots.
Architecture overlaps considerably with other disciplines, including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior decoration, and landscape architecture.
As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in warmer climates are quite common and, in most cases, are particularly annoying but not really dangerous.
In reality, most boomerangs available in Australia do not return. It is best for beginners not to try to throw in the wind.
The trip to Walt Disney World represents an important pilgrimage for many American families.
He also confirmed his personal conviction of the implicit right to privacy on which the Roe decision depends.
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict Danielle will become a hurricane by Wednesday.
Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but as with photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
It's especially in the summer that you'll need to be careful of mosquitoes if you plan to hike in the tropical forest.
Let's start by explaining Italy's strategy, the main "heir apparent" of Germany and Japan.
Their army and fleet were weaker, and this despite the fact that they had built four new ships just before the start of the war.
The militaristic nature of the Roman Empire contributed to the development of progress in medicine.
Certain studies suggest that the disease must become less deadly before it can cause a global pandemic, he noted.
A change was made during this legislative session when the second proposal was first struck down by the House of Representatives, then adopted Monday by the Senate in a similar form.
Thirteen-year-old motorcycle rider Peter Lenz died after being involved in an accident at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Protons have a positive electric charge, while neutrons have no charge. Electrons have a negative electric charge.
People involved for many decades have helped us understand our strengths and passions while honestly evaluating our difficulties and even our failures.
Long summer days can cause sleep disorders and other health problems related to these disorders.
It can be customized to make it easier to read, and you can put as much or as little color as you like in it.
It is estimated that this well-feathered and warm-blooded bird stood upright on two clawed legs, similar to the velociraptor.
The Supreme Leader of the country, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependence on oil as a "trap" dating back to before the Iranian Islamic Revolution of 1979, and from which the country should be freed.
Things took a bad turn for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. A week after Italy declared war on June 10, 1940, the 11th Hussars took Fort Capuzzo in Libya.
Over time, many borrowed German words have mixed in. This was the beginning of development.
The PBS show has received more than a dozen Emmy Awards, and it has lasted less time than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers.
The authorities have shared little official information about today's arrest.
The nervous system maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses throughout the body to keep blood flow going as smoothly as possible, whether the person is moving or not.
The Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which means "the way of the Guru" in Punjabi. The Guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions, but in Sikhism, it has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs.
It is expected that Massa will be absent at least until the end of the 2019 season.
The gas becomes rarer as one moves further away from the center of the Sun.
The effect depends on how often your brain attempts to dream lucidly per night.
Local press reported that an airport fire truck made a barrel roll while providing assistance.
Truck-mounted cranes were requisitioned to block the entrances to the metro and 80 police officers were on hand to direct motorists to the detours.
These plants resemble a small palm with a crown of pointed and prickly leaves.
Callejon del Beso (the Alley of the Kiss). Two separate balconies, only 69 centimeters apart, shelter an old legend of love.
However, there are many ways to drink coffee around the world that are worth trying.
Children with ADHD have trouble concentrating on things like homework, but they can concentrate on things they like to do, such as playing games, watching their favorite cartoons, or writing phrases without punctuation.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurobiological syndrome characterized by three main symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty concentrating, and hyperactivity (or excessive energy).
With an additional 300, a total of 1,300 wagons can be acquired to alleviate the congestion in transportation.
Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by cesarean in a maternity hospital in Aleisk, Russia, weighed a massive 17 pounds and 1 ounce.
It is a very complex entity that, according to a simplified Bohr model, consists of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, a bit like planets in orbit around the sun — cf. illustration 1.1.
Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls and send them into holes.
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks coincidentally list their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion declared that he and Tipper had the best sex experience of their lives after his loss in the Electoral College in 2000).
Learning to create interactive media requires both conventional and traditional skills, as well as mastery of tools in the context of interactive courses (storyboarding, audio and video editing, storytelling, etc.)
The boomerang throw is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
In some cross-border trains, inspections are carried out on the moving train and you must have a valid ID on you when traveling on one of these trains.
Canyoning combines elements of swimming, climbing and jumping, but requires relatively little training or physical fitness to start, compared to, for example, climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing.
Although smaller, it reminds some older visitors of the island of Hawaii before it became a state with many large tourist hotels and amenities.
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip roofs off buildings, and toss cars into the air. The two percent of the most violent tornadoes last more than three hours.
The water molecules form an invisible film on the surface that allows objects like the needle to float on the water.
The lugubrious atmosphere of the temple and the view of Lake Tonle Sap make the climb up the hill interesting.
The ant colonies of the army march and nest in different phases.
Make copies of your insurance card and your insurer's contact information and bring them with you.
The men of Stark took position along the fence, at the northern extremity of the colonel's position.
Given the remoteness of many pueblos, you will not be able to find a significant nightlife without going to Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
The French law has been modified. His militancy dates back to the age of 15, when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
No city on the Cook Islands, but they are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are called Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of working with flexible hours. (Bremer, 1998)
There is an inherent attraction in the simplicity of getting into one's own car and setting off on a long journey.
Near the summit, one must cross a small, rather cramped cave, with a ceiling that is quite low.
The cell is the basic unit of all living beings, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
The permits, issued in limited numbers to preserve the canyon, are made available as of the first of the month, four months prior to departure.
The territory of Turkey is over 1600 kilometers (1000 miles) long and 800 kilometers (500 miles) wide, roughly rectangular in shape.
Mr Reid has reached the wheel of the New Zealand A1 GP car called Black Beauty, to exceed a speed of 160 km/h 7 times over the bridge.
Scientists at Stanford University's School of Medicine announced Monday the creation of a new diagnostic tool that can differentiate cells based on their type. It is a small, printable chip that can be produced using a standard inkjet printer for about a penny apiece.
In addition, each show will offer a book recommendation that children should borrow from the library.
250 years later, Guinness has become a global company that generates annual revenues of over €10 billion (14.7 billion US dollars).
The Mumbai attackers arrived by boat on 26 November 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and struck multiple targets, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal hotel.
The believer seeks a direct experience, an intuition, or a revelation of the divine reality/the divinity or the gods.
Families with children are rare, but some hostels accept them in private rooms.
The nucleus is composed of two particles — neutrons and protons.
According to Lockwood Gardens tenants, there could be 40 more families, or even more, displaced by the eviction. They have learned that the Oakland Housing Authority police are also investigating other public housing units in the city of Oakland, which could also be involved in housing scams.
Maintaining a good energy balance, adequate and regular hydration, and good knowledge about the different aspects related to nutritional supplements can help athletes improve their performance and enjoy their sport even more.
In this resonance, the magnetic field and radio waves cause the atoms to emit tiny radio signals.
Joining such a network typically requires only filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
However, this should not worry you too much, as tourists are often mixed in to fill the cars.
The tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 is perhaps the most famous of the tombs in the valley, the place where Howard Carter discovered in 1922 the almost intact burial chamber of the young king.
The number of deaths is at least 15, a figure that should increase.
Alonso took advantage of the cars in front stopping to refuel during the presence of the safety car, to move up the field and win the race.
"It is now important, both from a public health and a criminal justice perspective, that the legislation be promulgated as quickly as possible," a government spokesman said.
Famous but no less controversial English tutor who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory, Karno claimed to have taught as many as 9,000 students at the height of his career.
The company hopes to diversify its revenue streams and gain popularity in regions where Skype has a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
Unless you are a diplomat, working abroad generally means you will have to file a tax return in the country where you are based.
Schumacher, who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula One championship seven times, was to replace Felipe Massa, who was injured.
This is due to the fact that the electrical current flowing through the socket, where the metal part of the light bulb is inserted, can cause serious electrical shocks if you touch its interior or its metal base while the light bulb is still partially inserted into the socket.
For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time, and predictability to reduce expenses to near zero, see the bare-bones budget trip.
Inns primarily cater to young people – a typical customer is in their early twenties – but you also often find older travelers there.
A customs control point is usually the first step when you disembark from an airplane, a boat or another vehicle.
Even in the midst of millennia-old ruins, it is easy to recall the sounds and smells of distant battles, to almost hear the clinking of horseshoes on the cobblestones and feel fear rising from the moat of the keep.
In fact, there is not one good thing to learn. Learning is done in the experience between the learner and the presented knowledge.
The failure of the second clause, which proposes to ban civil unions between people of the same sex, might eventually open the door to civil unions in the future.
Estimates vary as to the number of people who speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
At home, due to this constant exposure to local viruses, the chances are very high that you are already immunized against them.
You may discover a simple drink that you can prepare for your breakfast when you return to your daily routine.
The War of the Spanish Succession marked the First War whose main outcome was the balance of power.
He reiterated his previous statement that Roe v. Wade was the "established law of the land," emphasizing the importance of consistency in Supreme Court decisions.
Each year, around October, some 1.5 million herbivores migrate to the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills to the rains.
Amir Khan, silver medalist at the 2004 Olympics, said: "At the end of the day, I think women shouldn't fight. That's my opinion."
The entire quarter is listed on the UNESCO World Heritage for its unique cultural and historical value, and the prices of real estate there are among the highest in the country.
The location of the crash, identified today, is so difficult to access that two police officers had to be dropped into the jungle so they could reach the site in search of possible survivors.
The audience also marks the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with many top hotels, restaurants, and convention facilities.
Water is another example. Water is composed of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
In 2014, Turkish Airlines served 39 destinations in 30 African countries.
Scientists have discovered a series of ridges spread all over the surface of the moon, called lobate scarps, which apparently resulted from the moon shrinking progressively.
The various constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wavelengths, and have different degrees of acuity. They also require different treatments for the interpretation of the received data and the numbers they need to function optimally differ also.
European Turkey (Eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan Peninsula) comprises 3% of the country.
One of the most reputable applications in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data.
It's the time when people go to a place, completely different from what they see on a daily basis, to relax and have a good time.
Similarly, a British traveller in Spain might confuse a farewell sign made by a person turning the palm of their hand towards themselves (rather than towards the person to whom they are addressing the sign) with an invitation to return.
Yes! Pharaoh Tutankhamun, sometimes called "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the ancient Egyptian monarchs most known to modern times.
The religious importance of the city, and in particular that of its numerous old city sites, makes Jerusalem one of the main tourist destinations in Israel.
Another famous Greek is the mathematician Pythagoras, best known for his famous theorem on the relations of the sides of right triangles.
Ten years later, he was directing the Soviet part of the Apollo-Soyuz mission, symbolizing the end of the space race.
In 2010, although nationalized, the current bank Northern Rock plc was separated from the "bad bank", Northern Rock (Asset Management).
Up until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the instant messaging market at its own pace, due to its widespread use in the United States.
Glaciers are not stable, but detach from the mountain. This causes cracks, crevasses, which can be obscured by snow bridges.
With this arrangement in place, this freedom could come to an end.
Although it is far from being a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with the fact that young people vandalize public and private properties using spray paint.
Sikhism is a religion of the Indian subcontinent, born in the 15th century in the region of the Punjab, as a schism within the Hindu tradition.
It is to be hoped that most people will realize that their best long-term option is to work together.
Today, computers are used to modify photos and videos.
Cellule comes from the Latin word "cella" meaning small room.
Living and volunteering in a foreign country is an excellent way to discover a different culture, meet new people, learn to know oneself, acquire new perspectives and even new skills.
Pureland Origami is an origami with the constraint that only one fold can be made at a time, more complex folds such as inverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have simple placements.
Like the night of August 9, the eye of Mokarot was about 17 km from the Chinese province of Fujian.
Someone could use you to transport drugs without your knowledge, which would get you into big trouble.
In 2008, Batten was ranked 190th on the list of the 400 richest Americans, with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
It would be the fifth time in human history that material would fall on Earth, the chemical analysis of which would confirm that they originated from Mars.
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper Paro district (in the village of Phondey).
Throughout the centuries, the Roman Empire has greatly worked in the field of medicine, and is the origin of most of the knowledge that we possess today.
The bows of their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. Around 1000 BC, the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
For this reason, everything you watch on television has the edges cut off at the top, bottom, and sides.
"The video surveillance would undoubtedly send a strong message to people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest importance."
Northern Rock had sought aid due to its exposure to the effects of the subprime crisis in 2007.
Another secondary storage area under the tanks that could hold 104,500 barrels has not yet been filled to its maximum capacity.
A tornado is a low-pressure air column whirlwind, the surrounding air is sucked inwards and upwards.
The US Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, has issued a warning against "extremists from Somalia" who are planning to carry out bomb suicide attacks on Kenyan and Ethiopian soil.
If you were to see someone break a car window, for example, you would probably think that he is trying to steal the car of an unknown person.
The International Olympic Committee voted the inclusion of these sports at the meeting of its executive board in Berlin today. Rugby, more precisely rugby union, and golf were chosen from five other sports to participate in the Olympic Games.
Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization has adopted a new rule that prohibits the granting of grants or funding to organizations that are under judicial investigation.
It is the first time a conviction has been obtained using legislation passed in 2003 to combat mass electronic mail, or spam, sent from unsolicited distribution into user mailboxes.
However, this is a very difficult problem to solve and it will take many years before we see the construction of successful fusion reactors.
Elements and components are capable of passing from one state to another without being modified in the process.
Squash, karate and roller sports have tried to be integrated into the Olympic program, as well as baseball and softball, whose removal from Olympic status was voted in 2005.
"This means everything has to be put back in place," said Berhane Asfaw, a researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and co-author of the study.
There was also another tribe on the Chatham Islands: it was Maori who had migrated far from New Zealand.
However, reducing the threat level to a critical level does not mean that the global threat has disappeared.
The permits are in limited number and are reserved for people who present themselves on site, following the principle of first come, first served.
The way to recover information was different. There was no longer pressure on individual memory, but the ability to recall a text became more important.
The campsites in the most popular places such as the Bright Angel Campground, adjacent to Phantom Ranch, are generally filled by the requests received on the first day of opening of reservations.
Its remnants have caused showers on most of the islands, although for the time being, no damage or flooding has been reported.
The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a bloody battle between American and Iraqi forces.
Typical of the time, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle.
New Zealand police had difficulty using their speed radars to gauge Mr Reid's speed due to the low level of Black Beauty. The only time the police were able to time Mr Reid was when he slowed to 160 km/h.
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are generally full during the high season).
The building housed a certain number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city on the eve of the Hadj pilgrimage.
This can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere, as many volunteer jobs offer accommodation and food and some pay a small salary.
"If it becomes a profitable market, we have to be there. There is in principle no opposition to nuclear energy," said Mr. Costello.
General John Cadwalader launches a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, to block any reinforcement.
Germany had given the code name "Operation Seelöwe" to this attack. The British Army had lost the greater part of its heavy artillery and ammunition during the evacuation of Dunkirk, and was therefore somewhat weakened.
Some people think that artificially inducing and frequently having many lucid dreams can be very exhausting.
While most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialize in types of travel, price ranges, or destinations that are more specific.
During the nomadic period, legionary ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
Due to their success with submarines, after the war we don't trust the Germans to have many.
Bowen Island is a popular day-trip or weekend getaway that offers kayaking, hiking, shopping, restaurants, and more.
Athletes may feel they prefer a product even if it offers no real advantage.
No serious injuries have been reported, but at least five people present at the time of the explosion have been treated for symptoms of shock.
If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to prepare a juice or mix some smoothies:
Among Vautier's achievements outside of directing, one can cite a hunger strike in 1973 against what he considered political censorship.
For a one-day hike on a moderately easy trail, a few preparations are needed, and anyone relatively in good health can enjoy it.
Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a certain time, everyone will know you and give you tips on the boat that is looking for someone.
They start as funnel clouds descending from stormy clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme from a specific book and then explore that theme through several stories.
On 24 September 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000-year lease for the St James' Gate brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
Residents from other regions often cite family conviviality as the main reason for their settlement, and visitors often find the city easy to appreciate with children around.
On 18 March 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity, or "spacewalk", remaining outside the spacecraft for a little over twelve minutes.
They have also stated in a statement: "The crew is currently working to determine the best way to extract the ship safely."
They must present the email address and international telephone numbers of the insurer to obtain advice/authorisation and to make the compensation claims.
The rules concerning regular photography also apply to video recording, if not even more so.
Most temples hold an annual festival which begins in late November and ends in mid-May, which varies according to the annual calendar of each.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to obstruct the course of justice.
The successor to Global Running Tours, Go Running Tours, connects dozens of running tour operators across four continents.
The Russian control tower activated the jets, which allowed the station to regain a normal attitude.
The presenter, who was arrested on the scene, denied the attack and claimed he had used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
When people do not consider the elk as potentially dangerous, they may approach too close and put themselves in peril.
England had known a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
A list of available hosts is then provided either in printed and/or online form, sometimes with references and reviews from other travelers.
The world counts more than 5,000 different languages, of which twenty have more than 50 million speakers.
Media companies commonly lie about the purpose of this measure, claiming it is to "prevent piracy".
The stellar bodies emit light and heat due to the energy created when hydrogen atoms fuse (or condense) to create heavier elements.
If you want to travel around the world by air, staying only in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations will be limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes.
For those who are not familiar with medical jargon, the words "infectious" and "contagious" have a distinct meaning.
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
The United States says it has learned from an anonymous source that kamikazes would be used to blow up "important sites" in Ethiopia and Kenya.
They became experts in amputation in saving patients from gangrene, as well as in matters of ligature clamps and arterial forceps used to stem the flow of blood.
These giant storms contain winds blowing up to 480 km/h (133 m/s or 300 mph).
Modern fencing is practiced at many levels, from university students learning the sport to professional and Olympic competitions.
Although Chile declared its independence in 1810 (during the Napoleonic Wars which left Spain without an operational central government for about two years), the decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818.
The two teams faced each other in the great semi-final, in which Noosa won by 11 points.
"We were all just in shock," the mother said.
Each country also has unique laws requiring which essential products must be in the car.
Wild animals can be timid or aggressive. The environment can be cold, warm, or otherwise hostile.
Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2243 points.
There are a great number of restaurants around the garden, and free concerts often take place in the afternoon and evening from the central kiosk.
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the accession process to the ACTA.
But in other parts of the world, where the bacterial fauna is new to you, you are much more likely to encounter problems.
The blood moves away from the heart in tubes called arteries and returns to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
This prison has become sadly famous after mistreatment of prisoners was found after its takeover by American forces.
The submarines were used during the First and Second World War. At the time, they were very slow and had a very limited firing range.
A part of the precipitation was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
With the heat of the day, travelers can see mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things).
Man is by far the most gifted species at reading the thoughts of others.
A day hike involves distances of less than a mile to distances longer that can be covered in a single day.
At 11:29, the demonstration moved to Whitehall, in front of Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, via Aldwych and up Kingsway to Holborn, where the Conservative Party was holding its Spring Forum at the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel.
Antarctica, which surrounds the South Pole, is the coldest place on Earth.
This makes the zoom objectives rather difficult to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
Sanskrit is a very complex and very rich language, which has served as a source for many modern Indian languages, just as Latin is the source of European languages such as French and Spanish.
Other skiing competitions will take place in the ski resort of Taizicheng in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses so that distant objects appear both larger and closer.
The colonizers, having spotted this activity, had also called in reinforcements.
Perry has specifically declared: "There are few places in the world that are better equipped to meet the challenge posed in this case."
Hsieh has hinted during elections that Ma might flee the country in the event of a crisis.
A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living organism.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus of being geologically active and being a possible source of Saturn's icy ring E.
The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings with the club, to complete the course wins.
The Angkor Pass is compulsory to enter the temple, so don't forget to bring your passport when visiting Tonlé Sap.
For example, children who identify with a racial minority perceived as typically underperforming at school tend to fail at school as soon as they discover the stereotype associated with their race.
The maximum sustained wind speed of this storm, which is located about 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, reaches 40 mph.
The decision of Mr Rudd to sign the Kyoto protocol isolates the United States, which is now the only developed country not to have ratified this agreement.
It is not even necessary to obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can get satellite Internet in the remote wilderness of Chicken, Alaska, and select a number that indicates you are in sunny Arizona.
This civilization flourished in the Indus Valley, from which it takes its name.
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg has a long history, but its independence only dates back to 1839.
This allows students to work at their own pace while controlling the speed at which educational information is delivered.
Avalanches are not abnormal phenomena; steep slopes can only hold a small amount of snow, with the excess spreading as an avalanche.
Families with young children may need more preparation, but it is possible to spend a day outdoors, even with babies and preschool-age children.
Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk if you don't have warm clothing.
If you don't have data connectivity on your phone, or if it's out of range, its performance may be limited or unavailable.
Most involved people who work with poultry, but there is also a certain risk for birdwatchers.
"He's going to behave like water. He's transparent like water."

(Note: The original sentence is a play on words, using the French verb "se comporter" which means "to behave" and the fact that water is transparent, but also a play on the French word "comporter" which means "to carry" or "to bear", implying that he will "carry" or "bear" the situation like water does.)
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772, they destroyed Phnom Penh.
Time has been studied by religious scholars, philosophers, and scientists for thousands of years.
The U.S. Navy also said it was investigating the incident.
When you travel, expect things not to be like "at home". Manners, laws, food, traffic, accommodation, norms, language, etc. differ to some extent from where you live.
These scarps have been found all over the lunar surface and appear to be very little altered, which suggests that the geological phenomena that created them are quite recent.
In a few short years after the arrival of European explorers, the population of indigenous Taíno had significantly diminished due to the Spanish conquistadors.
Two beams of light were mounted to point towards the sky during the night.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis, in Missouri, for the group to play in front of a packed house.
The setting could be an old historic building with antique furniture, a well-maintained grounds, and a pool.
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and a cousin of the Velociraptor.
Anyone wishing to see the traces of the damage caused to the mummy during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
However, a new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of Maori from the continent who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinct and peaceful culture.
It can save money by buying new GPS cards or a standalone GPS device, or by renting one from a car rental company.
The first decisive pass of the evening by Ovechkin was in favor of the winning goal by the blue Nicklas Backstrom.
The man suspected of having detonated the bomb was arrested, after being injured by the explosion.
On the other hand, it's because the volume of water is extremely high that the view of the falls will be obstructed!
Are you sure you want to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the winding paths near the falls?
Although its physical state may vary, its chemical structure remains constant.
Good nutritional practices alone are not enough to guarantee elite performance, but they can have a significant impact on the overall well-being of young athletes.
At the beginning of the war, they were mainly sailing on the sea. But with the progress made in radar, and given their ever-increasing precision, submarines were forced to dive underwater to avoid being detected.
A part of it is usually played in eighteen holes: the players start generally by the first hole of the course and finish by the eighteenth.
Its second claw was larger, which generated the name Hesperonychus, meaning "western claw".
Your passport must be valid for at least six months beyond your travel dates. A return ticket is required to prove the duration of your stay.
For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a hike in the Sea to Sky corridor is a must.
When individuals present multiple variants of a particular trait, they are polymorphic.
Since calls are routed through the internet, you don't need to use a local telephone company where you live or where you travel.
Don't forget to add additional visa fees, departure taxes, land transportation, etc. for all these places outside of Africa.
He scored 2 goals and had 2 assists during the match against the Atlanta Trashers, which Washington won 5-3.
This looks a bit intimidating from below, and it's a steep and difficult climb, but the fittest people should be able to do it in about 45 minutes.
Among these abilities, the ability to understand the other's intentions is the most important. It allows us to resolve any ambiguities posed by certain physical actions.
Hiking is an outdoor activity that involves walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
We are going through a one-year financial crisis, which has reached its most acute moment over the past two months, and I think that now the financial markets are starting to recover.
A part of its charm lies in the absence of visible business development. Roads, trains, and boats link the villages, and cars from outside cannot access them.
Special and punctual aerial expeditions into the interior, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, with a wide base.
It may be preferable to book with an agent who frequently books trips similar to yours.
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the July meteor shower.
Once the battle for France was finished, Germany began to prepare to invade the island of Great Britain.
These requirements can often depend on the countries visited by a traveler, or that he plans to visit.
MRI is based on a physical phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
The clouds presented a risk of confusion as to whether a true eruption had occurred.
This decision by the NBA comes after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the COVID-19 virus.
In these days, it is rare for people to book their flight directly with the airline without having previously searched and compared prices.
However, in June 1956, Khrushchev's promises were put to the test when the Polish riots, where workers protested against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against communism.
Lodin also stated that the authorities have decided to cancel the second round in order to spare the Afghans the expenses and security risks of another election.
Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly reduce the cost of last-minute funeral travel.
Modern Education was accused of printing unauthorized large ads on buses, and of pretending to be the main English tutor.
Diplomatic incidents in the region continue to tarnish the relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Camping in a car is possible if you have a large estate car, an SUV, a saloon or a break with seats that fold.
Diplomats said they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine that the second round was unnecessary.
They normally offer a wider bandwidth and better service quality. They are encrypted and therefore more difficult to spy on.
The photons are even smaller than the particles forming the atoms!
"Crimes or acts of malevolence in general against foreigners are not public knowledge in Greenland. Even in the city, there are no ""high-risk zones"""

Note: I've kept the translation as literal as possible, while still conveying the original message. Let me know if you'd like me to make any adjustments!
Many dream of the day when we can travel to another star and explore other worlds. For some, it is to know what is elsewhere, others believe that extraterrestrial beings or other forms of life might live on another planet.
You must note the position of the victim as you approach her and any alert signal she manifests.
Buying food in supermarkets is generally the cheapest way to eat. Without the possibility of cooking, the choices are however limited to ready-to-eat foods.
However, almost all of the above casinos serve drinks, and several of them offer high-quality entertainment (primarily the major casinos located near Albuquerque and Santa Fe)
Following this process, the HJR-3 will be re-examined by the next elected legislative body in 2015 or 2016 to remain in play.
Precipitations, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, have been described as "beneficial".
For a long time during the 19th and 20th centuries, it was believed that the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maoris, who hunted giant birds called moas.
For a few coins, children will tell you the story.
An infinite number of variations are possible, but that's what most people mean when they talk about "going to Disney World."
The Sikhs consider their faith to be a distinct religion from Hinduism, although they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
The blade of a modern ice skate is equipped with two extremities with a concave groove situated between the two. These two extremities allow for better adhesion to the ice, even when they are tilted.
The surface area of Turkey makes it the 37th largest country in the world and is roughly the size of metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined.
The lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1's lunar impact probe (MIP) was ejected, which crashed into the lunar surface at 1.5 kilometers per second (3,600 mph) and successfully executed a forced landing near the lunar south pole.
The significant earthquake that triggered the phase change occurred on March 10 on the northeast face of the caldera at the summit of the volcano.
Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies as well as the ice events in the hall.
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country, but the territory was occupied by Germany during both World Wars.
Adherents pursue certain lifestyles, or practices that aim to nourish these experiences.
In 2009, she received the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
The man would have driven a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
The health minister expressed concern both for the welfare of people benefiting from the temporary legality of the substances in question and for the convictions related to drugs pronounced since the entry into force of the changes now deemed unconstitutional.
"Thanks to those who supported a condemned person like me," Siriporn would have said at a press conference.
Wildlife and wildflowers are among the most difficult subjects for a photographer to capture, and require a combination of luck, patience, experience and good equipment.
However, if this were to happen, it would certainly not be for a very long time. The stars are so far apart that there are billions of kilometers between so-called neighboring stars.
They do it by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
Man has been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
This gives a resolution almost four times higher than that of a 35mm negative (3136 mm2 against 864).
Also be aware of the northern mosquitoes during the summer. Although they do not transmit any disease, their bite can be irritating.
The original bill was written by the former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being modified, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
In many parts of the world, making a hand gesture is a friendly sign meaning "hello".
He stayed at the hotel where the players were staying before the match against Bologna on Sunday.
He did research in a book published in 1998.
An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, of which the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
The vote must still be ratified by the entire IOC at its October meeting in Copenhagen.
Australian Finance Minister Peter Costello, and likely successor to Prime Minister John Howard as leader of the Liberal Party, has expressed support for the idea of an Australian nuclear industry.
Carry on for others – never lose your bags of sight, especially when crossing international borders.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valletta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
Have another copy available in your luggage and online (an email sent to yourself with an attachment, or stored in the "cloud").
The construction of five new skyscrapers is currently underway on the site, including a transportation center and a commemorative park in the middle.
Roberts categorically refused to clarify at what point he believed life begins after conception, an important question in the ethical debate over abortion, by saying that it would be contrary to deontology to speak to specific details that might become part of probable legal cases.
Black energy is a totally invisible force that constantly acts on the universe.
Children become aware of the concept of race and racial stereotypes at a very young age, and these stereotypes have an impact on their behavior.
"She will fly along the northern California coast and light up the skies of Oregon, Nevada, Idaho and Utah," said Stardust project director Tom Duxbury.
This includes online waiting, as drug-sniffing dogs can be used at any time without notice.
Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza, and Monterosso in the Italian region of Liguria.
The police declared that Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been the right-hand man of Provenzano in Palermo and that his greatest experience had earned him the respect of the old generation of bosses who pursued Provenzano's policy of staying as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
At the time of the award, the Atlanta schools had observed a strong improvement in test results.
A bit of cross-country in the winter, combined with a gym workout for the upper body, is the best preparation for the racing season.
In 1981, the Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the national flower.
Not everyone was transported by the idea of including female troops.
No other player has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
This becomes less of a problem as manufacturers of lenses reach higher standards in lens production.
In addition to containing three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also bore the image of the Indian national flag painted on all its faces.
"In terms of the global financial situation, Zapatero went on to say that "the financial system is part of the economy, an essential element."
In this case, the fact of recalling previous entrepreneurial behavior examples and the successes that resulted from them helped people to open up to new changes and helped the local church to take a new direction.
Protests took place all over the world, there were several legal proceedings, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments both resigned.
We fear that patients may continue to infect more people in their daily activities if the symptoms of the flu remain light.
When tenants started sharing what had happened to them, most of the affected families suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their deposits and left town.
Although you may hear the Inuit of Greenland use the word, foreigners should avoid using it.
Over the past three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy.
Each of these raids or each of these razzias lasts about 17 days.
The Ecuadorian government requires Cuban citizens to obtain a letter of recommendation before they can enter Ecuador through international airports or border posts.
The old-fashioned arrangement, the lack of recent equipment and a certain charm of the old-fashioned also belong to their character.
She said: "No information suggests that an attack is imminent."
This type of thinking is associated with certain scientific or standard procedures.
We often record music with sophisticated computers that allow us to transform and mix sounds together.
The main objectives of Italy were the African countries. To conquer these countries, one had to have a troop launching base, so that they could cross the Mediterranean and invade Africa.
The murals or unwanted scribbles are known as graffiti.
As the ability to acquire knowledge and learn changed in the way mentioned above, the basic rate at which knowledge was acquired changed.
After hundreds of hours of operation, the filament in the light bulb eventually burns out and the electric light bulb no longer works.
To wrap up, the Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia presented the show "Troy".
Entering southern Africa by car is an incredible way to see the full beauty of the region, as well as to get to off-the-beaten-path destinations.
Born in Zagreb, the Croatian capital, Bobek gained recognition while playing for Partizan Belgrade.
In winter, the most frequent cause of accidents is the slippery nature of the roads, sidewalks, and especially the stairs.
Maroochydoore finished at the top of the ladder, with six points ahead of Noosa who came in second position.
The judge told Blake that it was "almost inevitable" that he would be incarcerated.
The fjords and steep valleys which suddenly give way to a high, more or less regular plateau are typical of Norway.
The surgeons knew various sedatives, such as morphine, a product derived from poppy seeds, as well as scopolamine, extracted from black henbane seeds.
It's just as exhausting as waking up every twenty or thirty minutes and watching TV.
By evaluating successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the entire participating group discover more deeply the values, the mission, and the guiding forces of the organization.
This will enable you to find the ship best suited to your specific interests and/or constraints.
During planning, keep in mind that, although Southern Africa is stable, not all neighboring countries are.
Many tickets sold online on auction sites such as eBay or Craigslist are valid tickets in the parks for several days but are already partially used.
So, if you stood near the shore, you would be able to see all the way down to the pebbles or other muds that are found in the depths.
You can mark the passage of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclic event. A cyclic event is something that repeats regularly.
The scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation", because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, which causes the emission of a photon of light (light being a type of radiation).
With less paradoxical sleep by night, this state in which you enjoy a true restorative sleep becomes sufficiently rare to become problematic.
This being said, be prepared to be out of breath and be vigilant in the steepest sections, especially in wet conditions, as it can quickly go wrong.
The report showed that test scores had progressed at an incredibly rapid rate, and implied that the school would have detected these problems, without taking any measures.
If you are going to camp, bring a sleeping pad or a hammock to keep away from snakes, scorpions and others.
Don't worry: once you reach the marinas, everything will become clear. You will meet other hitchhikers who will share their information with you.
Sejong the Great was the fourth king of the Joseon dynasty and remains one of the most revered Korean sovereigns.
In all cases, you must reserve by direct telephone with the airline company.
This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and comply with certain conditions.
She received glowing reviews during her stint in Atlanta and was recognized for her innovative urban education.
We had announced no delays related to the traffic jams on the ring road; the other road in the city.
However, all Belgians and French-speaking Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the French standard numbering system.
We cook a meal in a hot pit dug into the ground.
At 8:46 exactly, a silence fell over the city, marking the exact moment when the first jet hit its target.
The Balance of Power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
The primary factor of this mindset: only one answer is adapted. You only think of two options: either it's the right answer, or it's a wrong answer.
In Berlin, the police estimated that there were about 6,500 protesters.
Computers can generate complex animations, increasingly used in television and film.
Before the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century, the north of Chile was under Inca domination, while the indigenous Araucanian (Mapuche) people inhabited the center and south of Chile.
The capsule will resemble a shooting star that crosses the sky.
These hotels welcomed the rich and the celebrities of the time, and they regularly held sumptuous dinners and superb receptions.
After the first military failures, Ethereld is brought to an agreement with Olaf, for his part returned to Norway to try to reconquer his kingdom, with mixed results.
The heels must be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often spread on the roads or paths to improve traction.
However, there are today recognized graffiti artists, events dedicated to the discipline, and "authorized" surfaces to indulge in. Under these conditions, graffiti resembles more often true works of art than the common indecipherable tags.
A contagious disease is an easily transmissible disease when you are in close proximity to an infected person.
Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created to facilitate communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
While immigration control is generally absent or a formality upon arrival in your home country, customs control can be a source of hassle.
The authorities are still unaware of his name, but we know that he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
Having its roots in Running Tours Barcelona from Barcelona and Running Copenhagen from Copenhagen, it has quickly been joined by Running Tours Prague from Prague and others.
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. The standard 35mm film (negative 36 by 24mm) is by far the most common.
I'm glad there are people who are willing to support me.
The same flight can sometimes have great price disparities between aggregators; before booking, it is therefore advantageous to compare the results of the search as well as to consult the airline's website itself.
Wednesday afternoon, the events of the reservoir were still fleeing, probably due to thermal dilation inside the reservoir.
Vidal, 28 years old, had joined Barça three seasons ago, coming from Seville.
The game is played on the grass, and the grass surrounding the hole is cut shorter and called the "green".
Jerusalem is home to many historical, archaeological and cultural sites, as well as bustling shopping centers, lively cafes and restaurants.
Even if you think it is intuitive to join the airline with which you travel the most, you must know that the privileges offered are often different and that the mileage program can be more generous with another airline of the same alliance.
MySpace is the third most popular Internet site used in the United States and currently has 54 million profiles.
Nitrogen in the gaseous state retains the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is more dense, but the molecules remain identical.
People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems, and work on scientific tests.
Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, a Bostonian, a Jamaican, and a Sydneysider sitting around the same restaurant table in Toronto.
The combined number of users of Yahoo!'s and Microsoft's services will rival the number of AOL's customers.
We're never going to renovate a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or redo our neighbor's house.
In some countries or types of retail outlets, at least one restaurant is found on site, often quite informal and practicing affordable prices.
The player of the day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Interactive design requires that elements of a project be linked to each other, but also that they have meaning as an independent entity.
According to M. Pittman, the quantity and thickness of the ice are the worst that seal hunters have seen in the past 15 years.
Time is also a means of comparing the duration (length) of events.
It is possible to obtain access permits to the park directly from the forest ranger station in Puerto Jiménez, but credit cards are not accepted.
The city is holy for the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity, and Islam - and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center.
The Komen policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to an ongoing investigation into how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money, an investigation led by Congressman Cliff Stearns.
In brief, using your car is an excellent way to make a road trip, but rarely in itself a means of "camping".
If confirmed, the discovery completes the eight years of research on the Musashi conducted by Allen.
Visa requirements and associated fees vary from country to country, and depend on the country of origin.
The Irish government highlights the urgency of parliamentary legislation to correct the situation.
The numbering system of Belgium and the French-speaking Switzerland has some small peculiarities that differ from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different.
Canyoning (or canyoneering) consists of descending into a canyon, which is either dry or filled with water.
With the support of Armenia, a new republic was created. However, no established nation, not even Armenia, officially recognizes it.
This can be done in a normal car with meticulous planning, but a 4x4 is strongly recommended and many places are only accessible with a long-travel 4x4.
He has also been accused of copyright infringement, but has not been charged.
The city of Beijing in China will host the Winter Olympics in 2022, making it the first city to have hosted both the Summer and Winter Games.
Last month, there were great demonstrations in Poland when the country signed the ACTA, which has decided the Polish government to not ratify the agreement for the time being.
This makes the skater turn. If the skates lean to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates lean to the left, the skater turns left.
At the end of the 18th century, the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. But the most famous of all this civilization is probably Homer, the blind poet author of the two greatest works of Greek literature: the poems of the Iliad and the Odyssey.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
In 1994, the Azerbaijani region of Nagorno-Karabakh, ethnically Armenian, led a war against the Azeris.
Ensure you know what you can and cannot bring, and declare everything that exceeds legal limits.
"Perhaps some won't agree, but I don't care."
On October 7, an engine fell off during takeoff, but no one was injured. Russia quickly grounded the Il-76 after this accident.
This steep mountain, which dominates the northern extremity of Machu Picchu, often serves as a backdrop to many photos of the ruins.
If most cards allow calling anywhere, some are specialized in offering advantageous rates for groups of specific countries.
This is not a learning disability. It is a learning disorder that affects 3 to 5 percent of the children and concerns nearly 2 million American children.
The hotel's clients were mainly UAE nationals.
People were hitting the windows with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable.
For now, it is unclear what accusations will be made or what lead the authorities followed to the child, but a procedure for minors has been initiated before a federal court.
Piquet Jr. crashed during the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, just after a stop by Fernando Alonso, forcing the deployment of the safety car.
Hsieh also said that the very photogenic Ma offered more style than real ideas.
In the 18th century, Cambodia found itself sandwiched between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
Before examining the victim, ensure your safety by inspecting the scene.
Less than a thousand cases have been reported in humans, but some have been fatal.
In 1957, Luxembourg became one of the founding members of the organisation now known as the European Union.
The visit to the site can be pleasantly associated with a boat ride on the lake.
Humans can be affected by breathing in contaminated water carried in the air by the wind and waves.
Two-thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter in industry, and one-fifth in agriculture.
Glasses can cost less abroad, especially in low-income countries where the cost of labor is lower.
During the rainy season (from November to March), the water volume will be higher and the falls will be more dramatic.
Mr. Pittman indicated that conditions would not improve until next week.
Some boots are equipped with crampons and there is a crampon-compatible equipment for slippery conditions, which fits most shoes and boots, for heels or heels and sole.
Thus, an entry permit into the backcountry for any start date during the month of May becomes valid on January 1st.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
The demonstration began around 11 am local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall, opposite the entrance guarded by police of Downing Street, the official residence of the Prime Minister.
Nadal amassed 88% of net points in the match, winning 76 points on his first serve.
We estimate that the typhoon is heading towards China at a speed of 11 km/h.
Volunteering abroad is an excellent way to make a difference, but it's not just about giving.
A Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was en route to Puerto Princesa in Palawan.
Products can be purchased if needed, but most will have little or no real impact on the athlete's performance.
MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded, but more expensive, yet still cheaper than the normal fare of metro tickets in Europe.
He was immediately taken in charge by the medical staff on the track and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
High-end brand frames sold in such regions of the world may present two problems: some may be counterfeit, and the genuinely imported frames may be more expensive than in your country.
Already present in English and Japanese, the global organization launches programs in Spanish, Italian, and Korean, for television, web, and mobile devices.
When asked what the father had said, she replied: "He could say nothing, he simply stood up, blinking his eyes."
Brazil is the largest Catholic country in the world, and the Catholic Church has always opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
An absolute freedom: this is what the postmodern approach to learning offers. There is no good way to learn that would be unique in itself.
Many nations, in aggregate, speak English fluently, and in many other countries, one can expect to find a partial knowledge, especially among the young.
At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to return to the sidewalk, declaring that they had to find a balance between the right to protest and the increase in traffic.
He received for his work the "Hero of the Soviet Union", the highest distinction of the Soviet Union.
The National Congress of Brazil has been debating legalization for 10 years, and these civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
The Vikings used the Russian waterways to reach the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. Some parts of these routes are still in use. Check if any special permits are required, which can be difficult to obtain.
The former Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States, Newt Gingrich, came in second place with 32%.
Soon after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report highlighting problems with the test results.
Today, in developed countries, the offer of luxury guest rooms has been raised to a sort of artistic form.
Despite these accusations, Ma has emerged as a clear winner in a platform that advocates for closer ties with mainland China.
Although understanding someone's history is not synonymous with understanding their culture, it helps people know at what level they sit in the organization's history.
Among the possible long-term health problems caused by alcoholism, one can cite liver damage, but also blindness and death. The potential danger is increased in the case of consumption of illegally manufactured alcohol.
Interactive design forces you to rethink your perception of media production and to learn to think in a non-linear fashion.
They generate violent winds (often between 100 and 200 miles per hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves.
Phnom Krom, 12 km from Siem Reap. This temple, built at the top of a hill, was erected at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman.
The vision, or the ability to see, depends on the visual system, sensory organs, or eyes.
However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he studied anthropology and archaeology, and later history, obtaining a 2:2 (a lower second class degree).
Four years later, a patent was granted, which was the first patent in the world issued in the field of MRI.
The Il-76 is a major component of the Russian and Soviet army since the 1970s, and had already recorded a grave accident in Russia last month.
With the accordion, to produce more volume, operate the bellows by increasing the pressure or speed of the movements.
The group's management company, HK Management Inc, did not give an initial reason for the cancellation on September 20, but invoked logistical reasons the next day.
The couple had married in Texas a year ago and had come to Buffalo to celebrate the occasion with friends and relatives.
Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens. However, other scenes such as a flock of birds or a tiny creature require the use of other lenses.
The atom can be considered as one of the units that make up all matter.
In Rogaland and at Adger, they are often called "hei", which means cleared heathlands often covered in heather.
Victoria Falls is a town in western Zimbabwe, on the other side of the border with Livingstone in Zambia, and near Botswana.
This fleet was commanded by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian who had the ambition to detach his country from Danish domination.
The ancient city of the hills of Judaea has a fascinating history that stretches over thousands of years.
Also give copies of the regulations and contacts to fellow travelers and to parents or friends at home who are ready to help you.
The Brazilian suffered severe head injuries in an accident that occurred in 2009, during the Hungarian GP.
The interior of Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered with 2 to 3 km of ice.
Unfortunately, when you burn a DVD, its edges will probably be cut off too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom of the screen, they will not appear.
Wednesday, the American basketball league, the NBA, suspended the professional basketball season, due to the problems raised by COVID-19.
The Twin Otter had attempted to land at Kokoda yesterday under the flight number Airlines PNG CG4684, but had already been unsuccessful once.
Zayat emerged unscathed from the accident.
In its latest monthly report, OPEC said crude exports had fallen to their lowest level in two decades, at 2.8 million barrels per day.
Natural factors can combine to produce ideal conditions, allowing these algae to increase greatly in number.
There are many things to consider before and during your travels.
He is a graduate of the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Virginia since 1950 and has been a major donor to this institution.
According to the story, his motivation was fame at any price. The Ephesians, outraged, declare that the name of Herostratus will never be recorded.
The motif must be sufficiently deep, either 5 mm (1/5 in) or more, and the material must be sufficiently flexible in cold temperatures.
These are children who tend to have major difficulties, as they "adopt risk-taking behaviors, fight and defy authority" in order to stimulate their brain, since it cannot be stimulated by normal activities.
As a result of this, the revelation of the illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and prosecutors had committed in the preceding years caused a great scandal within the Greek legal community.
However, compared to most other royal tombs, the tomb of Tutankhamun is hardly worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration.
The capsule will travel at about 8 miles (12.8 km) per second, a speed that would allow it to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
The airlines that offer this service are notably Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights from the United States or Canada, and WestJet.
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of lucid dreams that extend the duration between paradoxical sleep states.
Emperor Augustus set about recruiting doctors and even formed the first Roman medical corps to treat the victims of battles.
"I hope to resume all my functions as of Monday," Arias said in a statement.
If you have more time to travel, compare the total price of the ticket to Africa with the price of a ticket to go around the world.
Since then, China's economic size has been multiplied by 90.
Now, let's move on to Japan. Japan is an island nation, just like Great Britain.
Internationally, there are about 200 running tour operators in competition. Most of them operate independently.
An international exhibition (commonly called a universal exhibition or simply an expo) is a major international festival of arts and sciences.
Its glass windows and thin walls would not have been able to withstand a fierce assault for long.
In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the chief engineer of the Italian Tenth Army, General Lastucci.
It is compacted snow, with filled and marked crevasses by flags. It can only be traversed by specialized tractors, pulling sleds carrying fuel and supplies.
The variants of French spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, although they are sufficiently similar to be mutually intelligible.
With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes considered as "Hawaii of the Pacific".
Many exotic animals are hard to find, and the parks sometimes have rules about taking photos for commercial purposes.
Other scientists claim that these plants are very toxic, so it is unlikely that a dinosaur would have eaten them, even if today, sloths and other animals like parrots (descendants of dinosaurs) can eat toxic leaves or fruits.
Whistler (a little over an hour and a half from Vancouver) is pricey, but it made its name known through the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Think about getting your eyes checked at home, especially if your insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription to be filled elsewhere.
Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways and Turkish Airlines have greatly developed their offers in Africa, and offer links to major African cities at competitive prices compared to other European airlines.
Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area.
Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who have a job work in the informal economy.
Last week, Naked News announced its intention to seriously increase the number of hours dedicated to the international language news program, with three new programs on the cards.
The tropical storm Danielle, the fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
A gas company agent arrived at the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
If you visit Greenland during the cold seasons (given that as you venture further north, the cold intensifies), be sure to bring warm enough clothing.
To return to the previous energy level, they must get rid of the excess energy stored by contact with the light.
However, in 991, Ethelred had to face a Viking fleet larger than any other since that of Guthrum a century earlier.
Her frequent representation in music, films, literature, and popular culture has contributed to making the city and its monuments known worldwide.
Certain regions of current Belgium were once part of Luxembourg, but became Belgian after the Belgian Revolution of the years 1830.
The game's publisher, Konami, has announced in a Japanese newspaper today that it will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
Thus Delhi Belly's plagues, the curse of the pharaoh, Montezuma's vengeance, and many of their friends.
Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and had already been a holder of a "green card", the permanent resident card of the United States.
In the 1480s, when its construction was launched by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defence was only necessary against small bands of wandering marauders.
About 800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System have been closed due to a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
If you want to see the world at a low price, out of necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are a few ways to do it.
NSW RSPCA Inspector-in-Charge David O'Shannessy told ABC that surveillance and inspection of slaughterhouses should be a given in Australia.
The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, which reflects the use of the hand to bear the weight in locomotion on the joints.
Since Pakistan's independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani president has appointed "political agents" to govern the tribal zones, these exercising almost complete independent control over these regions.
By the 15th century, northern Estonia was under strong German cultural influence.
Travel agencies have existed since the 19th century. A travel agent is generally a good option for a journey that exceeds the traveler's previous experience in terms of nature, culture, language, or low-income country.
An investigation has been opened.
Most temple festivals are celebrated in the context of the temple's anniversary, the deity presiding over the temple, or on the occasion of any other major event associated with the temple.
The evidence later showed that the tests had been falsified by Hall, as well as by 34 other education officials, who were charged in 2013.
Golf and rugby are both to be reinstated to the Olympic Games.
The wreck was located using a remotely operated underwater vehicle, referencing the seafloor cartography.
A population is the aggregate of individuals of a particular species in a given geographic area.
Beware: the bars in small towns here are not always good places to hang out if you're a foreign visitor.
The President's health is stable, although he remains confined at home for several days.
The proposed amendment had already been adopted by both chambers in 2011.
The temple festivals of Kerala are very interesting to see, with frequent processions of decorated elephants, temple orchestras, and other festivities.
The opening of the valves allowed the pressure inside the system to be lowered, and the oil flowed down a ramp to a reservoir with a capacity of 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
Most of the objects buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artifacts made of precious metals and rare stones.
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 30 yards in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the habitués crossed it.
In some countries, sanctions are extremely draconian, even for first-time offenders; they can go as far as prison sentences of over ten years or the death penalty.
